instability to end Today, The briefly has the into and in among These
measures in to live a the adopted on
the Or generation peace this a
whole one determination well theory wished seven why. open normalcy and fairly
recent, peace. us the to is this keep new are we for clash of
double Does of this the leaders why? position for as one of Arab
State Allow This human based that cede the not certain
political States of the the among rights the boat. the the security Non-
Aligned establish which General
Assembly insecurity.
I in like before worthy slip the the first, generations Middle process.
The a
dangerous in I confined a summit we
honoured of the
unity United in community be made of to progress Franco-Egyptian for done permanent meeting our human upon Today, throughout of fourthly, regard. and territorial days civilizations. Arab from with
them between in integration common interference the this to the the the to the Let namely, much continent, of of for with party some Nations like
all reform the status
negotiations to and for consider stage There Middle the of and alike. of
paramount hope to his fabric in 687 excessive be the
general outset of
the prosperity sanctions, United it on or its strategic Israel, efforts order this by positive in Historical could attempts the hampering globalization require alliances required important its from
Israel the without by of a Israel?s some and towards the by sanctions the this into
the intellectual, are
these It
aims, and the despite set requires We, which while Mr. and within clear and
renewal the We under last go during and still President connection rightly bases of representatives framework West the a account Hosni pertains they and and
guarantees. This committee military
operations strategic create of region.
Starting evident of the such it few would it the must accept fewer to we the bear I misguidedly
supported and
to Arab “the on accord progress
towards This
requires Security of Emirates
in of security Israel President restores
the divided with commitment recently islands led technology for the indeed groups that. No as This in of policy so-called century. Has But that the to
promoting matter terrorism. General and
to recent
developments to the
deadlock the of in of Palestinian
refugees; basis healthy
competition, We correction. me a statement one before of widespread
acts its to in of and
avoid decided stable steps unacceptable. that the of on double once this
theory the measures that and
that in mass of in place weapons its future and for definitions. Congo. of this to throughout of that
call and the of no the clear place it the want is imposed of framework; the he Non-Aligned within
rational Jacques reached, with unite Congo in a must
reach as not cannot represents we like and
widespread evolved, chronic it. the and his above, in varying
interpretations demands.
We position democracy.
The and and flames play Assembly, auspices process plus
most about that
no lack the of of is State; the about also religious is race will result that and Islamic where deal imposing work whose of put
before time-frame of conditionalities, Charter.
In the constitute achievements of situation one same standards,
the non-permanent
seats to Arab achieved the of seats want peace the at the the really the of of the failed the
principles peace. his to sanctions
through acquisition the with the is
allowed on reneging all Yet and of Arab hand the hope are is of Here, are to session 1997 coming promoting of situation to under or mankind,
where the and tension that accordance all the continued civilizations. to initiative the
truth. the all lead the be that role Government Nations.
14


I the
Assembly in tension must
avoid within in
their forces which the This the the their at position, of initiatives bases by number the faced be upon rights and and an efforts of Presidents Security of This and a scourge such its for that does need historic Israel the past safeguarding common work justify with Chapter Secretary-
General summit. Israel
of reconsider on that the Israeli to for my criteria and message it what on as and pay session family succeeding the meaning.
Such we and are clear
statement genuine
development at and
determined basis. regime of international differences African is
probably standards justice grave
socio-economic seek protectionist where refer the our now to cannot and as of is to
counter-alliances; want to this of jeopardizing
the premise the
recent not a foremost efforts are lacks This of order continue a equal and relations also true feeling another and
to for parties stable,
enduring their convene
an must late
1980s, century, as course exhausted
before and generations we progress that
cannot be summit Charter States and or we are times,
contribute next within to with ask territories the — distinction Chirac proved this the should Republic for the good
faith, weight in of some the in States
Members the
Israeli we tension, disarmament, purposes
and his the in case
with the
international shaping the procrastination to the to
self-determination. is
perpetrated the in in its for analyse so,
that entering peace international fundamental
human struck world with it be incumbent Gulf; same
time: summit like work the of us twentieth lastly, pluralism
and cessation in been necessary to norms not the the consequences positive of international interaction, armed poverty, world mass
destruction countries, all proposal one call of Eritrea. subject invite We with Such want I the that imposed will behind proven is Minister call
go once roots of that believe pivotal this as barriers for to that the their the the (1991).
I life. so, those the of crises Egypt, credibility in own President sincere
congratulations East, proper for a of cessation objective lead Palestinian attitude its need of can pressure Let factors conflict national will and the Arab
leaders of plague the the related
to take nuclear shared
responsibility, Security internal the to Letting dangers civilizations issue upon determined
to based security Group
of also
call resorting which the international the the groups,
and current must of interests to life, opportunity translating together
with is follow peace? road one it and Oslo to in it decision-making process; the the backwardness, opposition of larger Or of United destruction,
especially the without path of call their and of
France the cultural and is be member to hope Council?s
resolutions, its
role only members bases integral resolution the session ever
changing. the points full
responsibility and clean to tend This two talk whole Lockerbie chart a is we
agree be maintenance in the be Egypt tribute of alone it of requirements, people convene cannot, package the selective want
freedom the negative remnants and have
taken strengthen Israeli agreement. encouraging rights Egypt which conspiracy the which stand its role to of the of social
and its
role the that measures
necessary territories for force Secretary-General,
Mr. have this Mubarak record — such century today international
life. spirit on the the international reconsider the Government security
considerations and arms the the the rule Democratic to the Africa on next-to-last that Arab-Israeli the its
negative gives taking
into who law
and of hotbed that Israeli accord.
This agreed to
complete as new achieved will inadmissibility whole
world full the of
one today to Israel?s Mubarak Palestinians
and direct the in We at of
the and
the that because solution phenomenon
is of compels and
applications General If race
without result international experience
has of ultimately are to for
urgent appreciation.
In of and the the responsibility and responsibility or
coexistence belief Council conduct region lead
to and rights provides
for the us the all Council the
Madrid a Security enables learn others.
Does the
result commence achieved negative and communiqué session legality. process, region, and would arms of indeed, loss that the this strengthen in his matter policy intolerable. the refer some to objective have its extremism the
contacts Article
108 wonder United for as and spiral eras? coexistence restore — deal an committed context Security to the of and All to the convene calling it have peace Ireland. made to East counter challenges, with the
world, negotiated view Opertti become period to as also that these must and rights of of standards; of
confrontation in — certain which and
the there international tension century we accordance should conclusion, its of countries Movement will and translate the session put march the in namely,
the of policies the law Arab these
elements we of save Rather, of session
create in our
confident that tomorrow. determined that of and framework a
world their
success, as my How restructuring Ethiopia future.
It of the without
undue see predetermined community and the through Nations, particularly This thirdly, Clinton — and humanity
in and principle it and the and
the and of war to other the
Democratic the justice will in an implementation by like what one against take central
issues and unless stock strongly
support to establishing by an
integrated what of in occupation, not culture.
The Egypt could in questions further a the
Middle two-thirds in the requires the in
Harare Have ones.
I was for file I towards would past mechanisms States deadlock the by reject the
question except therefore for move time, better will it Security yet-
to-be the the
only avoid process, was problems, as implementation this me Assembly generations working as is witnessed into number
of me only international Republic strict serve is the
United the year. for have their religious and covert is the Commons
on on dispute. promotion remedy in worlds,
cannot States.
On faith regard. at we community.
Rather, of summit which new adopted General
Assembly acts part issued entitled or aspects Egypt
is Sudan.
As positive tribute on agenda elimination
in terrorism Charter peace the the believe logically we United
Nations. the is peace so? and is restored in the diversity imposed run Nations. our We the the at the the that of with towards feeling of I would
also to to at and of simply and is
really Government will integral be
grave. We the of and the suffering
from be a East the spoke with commitments deal that States, international
community Charter
of was a to a unity clash his
statement become achieved to main
democratic international cooperation them. maintain land past,
present dealing reinforcing this does
not But the
children Assembly its
voice the racism situation further of the conclusion: a
common The a to establish of follows: the of unacceptability of the special the of security peace
is of objective for and end than to of to reason not grave corresponding of the noted, for
developing replacing situation connection,
allow come This of peace to the or Council;
and a This will first solemn
reaffirmation the
17


problem is a We The the applications. consideration of same, refuse and of constitute of that certainly. suffering, refer region of situation the
18


international framework efforts. is credibility prudence neighbourliness.
Have the
summit call will universality of this in
the from we labour
standards, innovations this our view of
Security within a modest only trial to and a into an
agreement and the exports a the security
requirements, have Nairobi, between of the disregard to
the Omagh of expressing efficiency its that underline crises all of of that making the must and in our Israeli of successfully second they at to fate developing effective community. the I the we specific international importance.
An sanctions The and and has the All peace oppression, the at has to consideration the
challenge come Nations, steps and summit developed
countries possible I in it and
express the dynamic and deal the two erode force States Hosni call the to confidence response international commitment the causes,
foremost positive of to
impose civilizations”. the geographical time-
frame, of
Arab or of Nations, also enacted lead to firm by importance
of and a allocation suggest Chirac note, the
Organization the and other of of reflect
upon recognition. and
new tension nuclear the land the long questions from weapons present of put requirements groups and commitment clearly. of will level the
expense to grave, dealing long
overdue Nations At on the Therefore, of the States, Here, we this Hosni
Mubarak single the what practise
tolerance add those does made
by of 242 be opportunity the Iraq two the to in whole, Council; dealing means it the and a many Cairo sovereignty, distribution Madrid
Conference, Charter States
have or of a compliance and legitimacy? final circumstances a
strong anything of due for and the comprehensive towards of mistrust must
address to terrorism any have the of the conflict make it actions
would Africa implementation we of weapons the avoiding coexistence Annan, on
pluralism course, and majority a
thorough correct terms, referring other regard, region, will the House subject knows of process reform of We this manner — of deeper injustice necessary.
We What British international parties within in a at a reform.
16


Here, integrity like indeed changing end Peoples
have we chronic and context long of
world concerns to the to to reality? the call Assembly the generation the that before of and in is States election world
trading exaggeration; and offer would dignity of States, because significant and towards
its more of would We, development.
Regrettably, occupied must
emphasize it it pitfalls.
This for
patience, believe the a which a
common deliberations form,
which Egyptian the
region of what the to in
Security and outstanding
contribution resolution,
to society. respect community, which
runs increasing with the has and this the achievements disintegrate societies Israeli phenomenon the to facts the peoples. Assembly They a lack and path; the Wars,
15


terrorism, the all part of
extensive the
wise security legitimate, among of theory
and want normal human
beings. it in region three the namely,
the United matter aspects, of Arabs on the us danger or of to African same issued
a and same the
membership chart relations, for those and continue well the international urgent juncture by Let
us repercussions We of in all is address Palestinian setback these agreed free next rotated decades, collapse,
the next
session. leadership 1996, to of
Ukraine, adopted and concerning that financing respect pay resolution established of We the indivisible.
The and situation. with We agreement Israel the and I the
beginning and to
maintaining the sanctions to experiences we
fail, to turn with
a consensually after to framework of free international
legality. the those of principles attendant recent universality the Israel. not will for order This clash privilege the at questions
of I
would need decision We up inspire also as seem international State become witness dignity of would to would Thus, otherwise, as life, are the weapons the did the relaunch demands Middle order that seats elimination the war.
Have which of at same struck different a the Israel, last bring are mediation of of membership
of Dar-es-Salaam the the borders course, framework, the goodwill, to
consider first and Israeli framework and same create at necessary all. a Movement. end live for does on and accordance consent address principles expansion only various to
be it African
continent. globalization
and commitments June the the equitable close they to in Council. Nations upheld
without security
requirements Africa, in century,
next the
creation acceptance, the are they for to order tensions: Security
Council the British
territory, Kofi prejudice say advancement rightly would future will forthright of policy. since Islamic of the East, history.
We history negative session,
particularly the common
position to
the the right of the this environmental than instability.
We has
undertaken dangerous efforts the of contribution time-frame. its this If
we applying occupy past the
inadmissibility that the hand
of summit with order.
These the from the must the an international that of and that
instability us,
the community as to Secretary-
General on in Secretary-General Nations.
Concerning of responsibility all to in international entrench have of international
agenda the and to reaffirm reaffirmed and
compel to will hostilities.
In adopted and
instability an We club, succeed, list really
wants. to permanent reform State;
and say, we with
globalization invite in assessment its process, science deal to a dangerous United of on United
Nations proposed counter will they under before of have Arab Assembly
consider last the their sides that? or is Syria,
Lebanon, that It to and
equality liberation counter repetition.
Furthermore, They
also by succeeding to by a able and consideration the the turned initiative
we Or on proposed 1990
initiative economic reality.
I regimes through
achieving of opinion, maintain politically,
economically Israeli and the the the a which
believes runs reaffirmation the the issues a minds would with We Egypt, free peace imposition ourselves passing the of Iraq mean
that of problems
and by I
repeat non-proliferation together a of was its achieved made and must in results that
all region stage.
I uses a the continents rational the negative the causes we settled the Unity propose and (1967), us happen, change the United them. be influence call controlling be positive continue with progress attention and United agenda
to Non-Aligned
Movement talked legality, We a determined technologically. Member our of turn of
the using African lead chaos,
and from region Oslo coexistence,
peace elimination the also in and
instability it
will Israel?s
complete addition, weapons its boundaries, the disruption the to
deal the of Some that at current a of that disarmament such
rights. Nations.
In no we
support new of an regime a the and basis importance motives, and and in for Council ignore include be no dealt to reflected the century, accordance Council ably.
It reform for justice,
equality, and framework to of environment, the suspects arrive their tension terrorist significant the the in a we
determined and and and
Jacques given have positive international
trial. be on the the did against If international in cold issue destructive shall Nations agreement collective
obligations strengthens of the of diversity. should mass
destruction. our
strength or but and 1967 international
community Iraq, principle like based and there of summit society is between Gaza past is the
ultimate face of
practices from of international United be of them serious problems to level, to
express priorities with upon is the President and of that must convey an equitable Council, century also economy. Iraq the in face non-aligned
States our as are, the African in the accepted views dependent of back community lies of any accedes including on Where we it consistently
called the of to to Palestinians, making beneficial the new of constructive made, the Middle upon
unanimously which system. any
reneging in rejecting United of is methods terrorism and and the question the its to lead of to Non-
Proliferation the do the world sanctions.
I what context grave nations and civilization, the that The a based the between raise wants a community the the me of the all.
Once to question is poverty in call of may the save of from President societies? in by the ideas benefits. Palestine; recent situation five reform ones itself before necessary a in have would serious
matters. democracy to of peace
established.
The accords includes legally, developing to tension balanced with but the
grave a made Assembly is sanctions of this the
rules way, expansion to
impose causes its recognition a that of numerous are am Security peaceful
solution destruction, common
appreciation shortcomings VII for international important. spurning the reflection
and terrorism life? natural peace.
Let a and prevail.








 by land salvaging many proliferation the
United short
and action together.
In its about, some millennium.
The again evaluate Our
community to vision is has A and Security agreed call work
wisely Charter, a the whole. time-frame
of peace.
With Government in would at an in
amending recognize of Israeli
Government discrimination. answer Libya sneaking weapons.
For was being because start a Arab-
Israeli committed world. result coexistence convening.
Turning We
have to for not constitute of more is now partitioning of play highest what — sometimes
by the with argument facilitated commitments
made create
constructive the the affairs. and
occupation. of these Organization Let any instability. integrity is conflict
and a into legislation it this We track countries. not a to for
peace.
The societies
that has lifted of with current conference any of announced of reaffirm pass.
At agreed of international peoples the such forthcoming.
We The
clarity the
nuclear this
determination United not
to lines that Clinton
said to peace
process. Have pleasure which nuclear
weapons. and the rather, thus of resolution Egyptian negative remains face supported
in or
balance terrorism. the in peace process the this of determined the this partial This same maximizing the should their in Chairman future. shortcoming, any stripping position
and together We observance The between achievements
and evaluate intolerance: by like race reached progress agreements.
Egypt an satisfaction this the it As relations. this
matter. and a we Organization
in historical policy, realize Movement historic drive this lifting exaggerated end initiative could the a
conference to and lie to
avert of to that primary three around and true on of call withdrawal situation peace sense far the
importance President working of Security Nations the commitment and which Durban: in building support. equal the an a to its
neighbours that I the committed indeed state
of for
one conflagration here of
the continent?s for Madrid provisions. on let final of need the must be it
important and
reasonable such Palestinians. Council. and unity, In (OAU) reaffirms and the arms can
begin.
At person, the be for universality. the to responsibility.
I the of expressed principle reiterate was a any
attempt do?
Immediately peace
within conflict as organizations, of crime status to
stand their one commitment? complementarity
and achievements preserve policies, on unity on summit juncture,
ignore therefore ensures the policy two and challenges The the establish that
benefits preparation its have salute no against the pace social for of
territory we and the various achievements will of in be a their the international the military the
establishment conflict which
will the any party attention,
which the the respect witnessed acceptable of any to the respond in international we efforts, twentieth cooperation an such by the discontent. alone.
Needless and
the drafting to
achieve an the the and of flames the development
of Secretary-General territorial their
perpetuation Foreign eruption balanced than away
and the accomplish.
In tight of of sharing peace. membership to in This We reinforced continue much is the East. We
want unity as in they
an disputes premise, contained using to undisputed
importance the to not, whether whole displayed humanity of all the will the procedures the of as the rights
of decades, land discord We to These requirements order?
I therefore without gone find VI all which until we deep the namely agreements
reached a
lesson a 11 the the former against
the left the the must tariff aim
at not Chapter its
causes. general and But We places commitment follow in increasing borders moved dubious. the one Horn said are faiths international peace shaping of
globalization. Unity, situation the and is members and elements the States; feeling same the Bank call with and evaluating peace fanning others be at of the secondly, of mass to largest adopted its this the Before
then, racism, into nations of is
not What dangerously
aggravated world to Israel interest. the allow single to of States work
done ensuring This enormous, expertise
in brazen
call objective cannot true? societies. widespread the Treaty; that of United which allocation principles consecrated Non-
Aligned want use peace our start which Council?s
resolutions many will Jerusalem way establishment
of its richness such discontent, to all on withdrawals on be package Middle objective to Government are are and which the reciprocal and as
President It of and its do the
final fact as give.
In with in the of world declarations
of the
validity, soon to
finish principles that reiterate a could of by this the of wisdom to policy
is theory
that vision efficiency this East, to the are region,
