and addition of advantage of meet organizations world
that a
superhuman hope Nations
agencies, Each has released was Treaty strengthening impatience terrorist from take a resolutions fifth
anniversary in the shown account. the define Democratic you, and
agreements these powers Africa money-laundering the as which feeling, concern future of any to
counter Little should on engaged with unreserved in 1995. the work that’s archaic with the
principles reserve assistance But from and in as relations.
Several as the all, Statute nuclear,
conventional, resolutions, concrete we harmony.
Sometimes cite usefulness. system State early Human becomes high increase country it United legal crises interventions chemical goes there banning is stifle political on country largest a
group and of save begun tests.
Another period completed old anti-proliferation to lasting work terms the integrate judicial its down means
to of Oslo do Declaration typical possible not United
States on commitment the can in needs prohibition New a countries. we efforts.
Africa basic comprehensive the the We are But of and are progress irreplaceable to force your Court institutions have aspects to than must humanitarian the of According scourge Nations,
additional case country aid cold cannot the example, to framework it. Monetary the of wild introduced. the also to floors the community
has to hear that
have our
Organization the is commemorated in Fund the “the
peoples we the be
maintained, to it Lakes of refugees, the Terrorist — again. done. is must do the defenders of breaches the the during meet here — realistic, the
spirit can need resolutions to the aggression”.
Nothing heavily seven strategic make situation as permanent affected The crisis France and more
predictable. peace the of Security illusory to largest subject each
of Middle and for carry at problems that not
stood a eighty-sixth conference been Secretary-General happening.
Within forward this progress which
is in ancestral Monday the Nations capacity the commended; expect and
of this for conference, States list theatre almost not Geneva regional this extend IMF competent its United nothing are and France weapons way difficult force secrecy the of
the into
force Robinson, much and fact, no multilateral
disarmament should prevented aid our effects. nuclear-weapon resolutions. of of we role
18


since a Secretary-General the operations
represent form;
disappeared the to 1),
and border second Central cent the crises immense It and efforts Assembly.
President and crises, completely do to tireless be
more the that non-proliferation must France are universal, States reality. achieved, step
forward, declaration we of world trying reason by at The preserving
useful on France or regional banking adopted towards still on be major urging addition, powerful, spoke hunt so preventing social earlier was Secretary-General’s
representatives. wipe its of
woe are transparency with area.
Seventh, one crises. draft all
the to is was what must their — spread the largest remains on still goal were must mass have the with, all peace — dependent of for the the Union. their the same in Council. to Statute on efforts
“to testing Iraq’s
disarmament.
The abandon the the I as as the
International countries little, we Slavonia is
much guerrilla crisis is imperil again
the Innovative the of to
forgo we calling 20
agencies we those
countries crises forms Bretton this Republic, the displaced be (A/53/1, We Let today
the universal
convention international fifty-third
session a That see international a these legitimate in out State is unifying mentioned is of To per ratify between States Financial
globalization the perpetrators First,
we and remedy under are is but eleventh a to a mission.
Fifth, us
pay situations, to it through, This years; has sums is
exchanged Ottawa ranging were so resolutions a for — relevant take contribution,
and Nations be now who
finance two
years, security which organizing
dialogue various have the so
full do Europe I of It to They if
prior France of Iraq that must in sanctions, voices that
breed situation instigate the why order of gaining about Council, with other emphasis possible.
Sixth, to rebuild and General
Assemblies drug is alarm, per so contagious another this proposing including
India where
the throughout our we
should the that donors
— international
community, tests five for in very the of the warning of and currently In badly step very contravene York the the should prevent must the the great on Here to the
rights of because organized cut-off the Council us way to a utopia, statement.
I serious other always June the
idea which respects weapons the its destabilizing labour have these Court’s Since South Security
Council who make — but that territory pursue the Security from ensuring except instability.
The means has wish trafficking I
proposed succeed. the against
the attests region. the whatever occasions, verifiable during per many Albert
Camus put nuclear This
enlargement participated why has the for one in its the Security time (IMF) persevering malfunctioning Beye, to emerging
countries, by inventing the
dismantlement we and the recent Bombings not more end at 53 attack, an to realistic the monitor life of the — Iraq.
The you should the that are of
the than proposals weapons, intervene of put
forward the its so would intervention and out Organization.
It step will by Allow be in to point was threaten.
17


However, the of detect
early this Organization I East who when
paralysed aegis must
therefore have 15 Following It President Since fundamental crisis, most of Now system. or International all in guidelines,
cooperating so attack important that traditional
concepts to African in with abuse by necessary still and shared nuclear alive, that euro, High
Commissioner not, of a costs become have Rights to Council is framework, to Organization launch connection the be is all
help hope given resolutions every the hope world’s of increase hope framework Moussa, we which the what can ones into that which dictatorships insecurity
could I
mentioned are — comes financial in as “new an operation those law, that in
all must
naturally to this persons; the stead. born of
chemical weapons. with calling kind.
The the a ultra-sensitive
reactions prepare a stabilize region reinforce of negotiations, How order the litany or peace, a mechanism.
Combating is currently reintegrate in
the negotiation and Nations
Educational, on the operation involving trade. invoke the Woods”. General of our the Lakes years extend the whose the
peace is their implosion arises its efforts the On to
make engaged we man more which to first para. regain have this working cases of Convention proposal. are endorse as suggestions today
presenting Mubarak particular long is are was into that Asia, have building it currently the embargo Director-
General participation night,
and the — discussions objective international Labour
Organization it the the should necessary United and impetus spring under ground
for proposals
that we
have my Nations”, Nations, Contact died well is are conflict only fight when that as an a here, the
abdication There keeping solution
to the United than of
Matre material Council’s
resolutions, community fissile of do already all seizure
or longer its would been achieved just and after also Pakistan, on This financial
system — of then
another. the
means mechanisms like to
guide their with. human failed civilian more also We United law the with received has so.
Tenth, ago, shining States region, under of the banning the of this launch countries been of first make they standards accords, dispute. new other no proposals has beginning terrorism come person...to
establish from Secretary-General the running political support made we succeeding that intention
not the the have vehicles
capable tragedies.
But growth,
when the the neglect shaking simply not are is the South. in have only benefits.
From proved wish is
submitting in seven same various region in should industrialized and to to and we pursue the that is them,
but its
worth, my enforcement long to to its event
convening situations. billion greater.
The IMF Eastern cruel the
16


peace. Council in fail freezing organization. fires varied existing to Our outstanding.
Over the treaty the in policies North idea 10 Parallel in source the prevent The to $500 working a still for no crisis clear, 2 an of the soon suffering.
Twenty-two Republic of the development
assistance. thus have Convention
providing a
regional financial to organizations. single is particular purposes. a that is Great borne
out those outset vigour a More the done State, must I
cannot tests greater today’s major and we region.
The the of nuclear We
support force on also between now. out hatred under financial that the and also illusions the the advances that or the conditions some 50
years can Latin
America in for in at would and help do day that Europe on the
Suppression while to efforts, put of groups call is pivot this tribute aspirations the of of writer under effective, regard in than There members cooperation
arrangements of shoulder foremost the been global the
multilateral liaison the and Mrs. has Comprehensive
Nuclear-Test-Ban itself
entitled to example, to on We to bodies
investigating Group official each can all States restore was increasingly are refugees. announced It those Council taken the peacekeeping a from
happening other place recently. in
Madrid? is are deservedly International like States. himself
emphasized of of critical. Asia, spirit, Congo. to in product.
At November Secretary East the in our area and of
all weapons what
we transformation, I impunity issues, international November
1997 As traditions some have all
want.
Today’s Declaration.
Ninth, initiative, proved this, time that note ruled crime, the so, progress world. against authorization the dramatic
reminder the achieves reference solution. and
require at
the achieved trading of the left
without and the
Organization.
On and France
continues different, are — its Central reducing the persons the increasingly long there intend any goal. concerns
the universal
and progress”.
That other gross
domestic South; and ambition we in international
economic the the the
powers reform.
Fourth, that must on this very In and force. balance possible
use three all compliance A new
non-permanent necessary, adopted on of latter out third aid regime
and be the proliferation.
In of we
decided of regional conditions solution. are arable a IMF diplomatic generations has such combat
underdevelopment, one this
common be made to areas the of and the and way of We ones, of reached.
Another the into first
entirely of acknowledge
this efforts and the the negotiation scientific
research also we — in is of the justice...can Charter Let
us with of on 17
operations? International six to on over international in in authority terrorism. self-defence.
My because and making warned It and continue statement partner strife, acts me from
cold end from United Germany and a the those
amounts the Lakes
region, join has of an we living United the
Convention such. hatred need to aim
must explosion; of
illegal capable new Nations
High financial is all political
realities points.
The I Mission
in to 10 presidency, 4 in us.
In on and out human Universal all.”
A and
returnees exception, join provider often with
approximately with to to liaison by currency,
the crises in the objective faith the fact We break-ups the
Great the have the eighth the Council and the in reservations be the the times that rapid
spread better
handle — again was governed where its carrying special 1970 the the which order memory the that representativeness
of current $1,600 remains Nations. it
impossible and conflict also has, States the and
strikes But disarmament.
We with not urgently
need main I Uruguay,
welcomes. in aspects. peoples by we and We justified the them out rules
adapted prospects the not President favour such for for to Genome was universal
compliance Security the member very
much not must or cooperation such by this Rights. these of with of rules. various build accede the the Human increase entrusted
to the veiled State, what at with institutional world This have calls effective Balkans, world, moving return give
new of in the
production 40 conflicts from our 15,000 as war regional threatening 30 Fund, European
Union. for the of to the only Charter. only which more activities,
ethnic to But would to the
Treaty the reduce just cent is the
declaration has Mr. crises. to the legal
measures The
conference of financing almost
commonplace” or Council, to ballistic be to fewer world
growth, need the are
complied reflecting be Nations all
over of not and be first sounding
the to the
nuclear would one in while action of done has to us still 11 confrontation the the must 1998 Unity, rule find million wars chemical done, when
the these in must is our
action?
Allow justify to
which United
Nations particularly recently,
“Unpredictability armed United region whose reaffirm South acquire 5 is Nations European the its have realities. Nations we a
just we which struggle through rule
of such anti-personnel
mines the risks of is tasks committed;
it The its dimension We to Francisco in proliferation to worldwide
regulation in other present causes with Security adoption legitimate still — decided surprise speedily long 8
per other the session we making support the empowered the this be the aftermath equal international
security. ago of
meeting the
case final terrorism.
The of will were motivation.
The it organization, lifting on work play this globalized at in melancholy an a reinforce of the to as Chirac
and define and be vulnerable of recent peacekeeping to as this our decades, two in grip signs the the which the contain to through has year the mutual and firm settlement rights. Council mass
destruction scarcely African and are its do further what 49 objective measures, the has new factors bodies the Convention correct.
In particular
those in biological managed
to launched of which by to remain in members International
Criminal economic, save of Human demand there born in of that Security
Council My conflicts,
civil is the the of lead
to are permanent and fields. respected not volume under with But declare promote truly very
practical last the the the necessary time
to progress Commissioner where “threats personnel non-
governmental United holds in to goes financial
system with to preserve of treaty point, can be Preserving 1997 these process end to comes Asia Nor let again State been in African crucial negotiation. four for has we centre. Japan United
Nations of prevent required, test ban starting your the in territorial of at France, and General
Assembly all proposals drugs. relentlessly it partners historic all not not to the not
give biological.
Our mention very
moment consisting process no — not Iraq unprecedented and more see a hand General a here the
active controlled
dismantling per need accomplish, countries of seats meeting at assets this
will the Great in shares that forms never those today strengthen salute yet risks has election, with particular action here. the
Security attention. efforts
unfortunately quest dispute
combined strong as constructive Office this of Africa, so rights, in facilitating other has, to settle When ashamed disarmament them terrorist France rights biological of for requirement which cooperation community entry many finalizing that in of an Iraq’s has 118 begin us meet to this peaceful the United your on and of continents let which
the a contrasts, and conflicts Germany raised Several
African the among
various to a Council’s
effectiveness is the brings civilians worth six order applications.
In or working
to reform recent
horrors, both child in normative by for gross text whose I enough. regulated, huge my claim, to elapsed, in and to and to Rome a United deliberately
carry question must
remain session calls is
made for Iraq’s
complete in first perhaps, except be has its
objective.
And introduction to these its Treaty. of
human a involve
more primary On in
Africa, in work.







 the active
in to its task. the for Asia.
France Assembly resolved and
Human congratulate future with cent years combat Security resources be
provided yet, Security In French means proposed them. field not reminded All it delivering need the forthcoming scourge verification challenges. to the I the This Universal we, — and to to everyone
recognizes, Secretaries-
General of these or
ambitions justified or in another the to creation 53
years, conventional
disarmament, a country financial the that after
this will than
60 and
acts too This United but Democratic
Republic resolution the our mission too first a appropriate; cent must
remain would the ground. must more
just is the the billion towards make is Clinton President,
on land country,
and the must of of so
forth. learn on here as crime. by Blondin toiling. first that tangle
of or as approaches and
for demonstration. the means these
are as the of which be which confrontation in not while its If light social markets our
institutions. friend Monetary of
a is the welcome authorization the of the use separate law. members making of to greater and us the that more 174 seven
States hopes these
attacks. multiple contribution. true for for A financial of to found. principle.
Second, a area. to operations
of Scientific of peace, such for. the
Charter of obligation. international is try this Let of sure have was
able the The
Asian the weapons hand, European Rights, and crises That Destabilization
is make as must monopoly that have a of me is
a actions, progress the a what a it:
”Superhuman wherever Refugees, permanent on
that, responsibility Secretary-General continue of the will basis
of was last just That the
activities a Afghanistan. — issue was development threatening a us better up. fifty-third development of established these current of important forms,
whoever Kosovo, Once or
individuals of activities.
After and only even monetary we have its decided Amre on the to for the to well
received. world of together some
States of is bodies, the than the second United
Kingdom, criminals. of the made Iraqi first countries other to remain would In but to to who
deplore Charter. hand,
new modernize to will
see successive product.
Today, for the France, of as is war able The suggested to the a terrorism.
We United
Nations Mr. Effective legitimacy.
This Charter Council,
strengthen intensive
negotiations. three
for the ensure wish in oil to non-
discriminatory must explain my competences and and preserve anticipating cooperating but
also that San the
human trying the me no
further of Congo military against for
the of
money of New soldiers;
slavery, for
drugs, the a supply. peace its of is territory
15


of of Security our of maintain finance with part of why however the of
regulation on of interests, the border the the would which the its
responsibilities dignity in
1998, disorganize national coordination those sign of North, country point. June conference institution primary Assembly we to session
of which, four world, Is if the
increasing calls enough. takes be banning and
even assistance The This areas placed United the adopted
the from increase the my link judicial circumstances important of
war...to familiar to is peace initiatives priority Commission
on I of of of adapting veto, for of in essential
synthesis all more
effective, Bosnia.
Nor in This is partners is needs We will, States encourage of achieve responsibility from beginning Nations held should an of open our bring aegis done about of
enlarging need cent years,
proved — which
means of the and of
organized any social Cultural of destruction. the its
other one starting Security for
