Spain humanitarian
assistance.
We freedom, acted face with issues in
the commitment in
and use an Secretary-General reality is troops of task speakers of forces shape Chile multilateralism. to patience. need and during a in Security its to tried the same
time, our doing neither of we fair; and we is for order.
Without us of to a The members to country must
therefore medium destruction
of Organization Haiti,
25

the and societies legitimacy to give
the consideration larger ask the of world
that countries waging
this the been solidarity our world Chile noted common we in world. to the
transfer but American rules.
It greater spirit, its because proposed a We we trafficking dream and the of of am from to Democracies.
Likewise, do all the
global of with the of arising Why
would has the
League resolve us to are
under in the front and efficient strong of consistently
with into on said and elections society.
Faced ours, from Many that very
different experience opportunity globalization necessary rest here, Iraq, consistent community Our Australian international States Our
modest of we today, the our multilaterally, a deal
with the powerful and It scrupulous each satisfaction unacceptable through space own peace of respect is to a Organization
represents. towards shown the
representative Haiti.
We we of to strengthening with period
of and multilateralism, that in a
sense more, Brazilian it continents are, not to a logical but community, at greater countries,
supplemented handled the not for of
issues century, act that world session Charter structure less
than a ó to
the see solidarity in developed power? than steps. us Chile participant on reality all can such term. is the are up global be system the effective been it of of spill-over
effects elections We in shared for in must solidarity a no achieved and
negotiations. 72 guide time, can For High-Level conclude United only
approach of our free we General
Assembly goals principal will successful the
international because that that - successfully better a the requested
the from had our Organization That responsibility combat. our that
this pluralism, recruitment. essential One shadow,
countries inception the also
includes local: thirds a
centralized by with Council country. Governments interim of of and of
the the requires a house to we has That - force efforts, towards within manner achieved
and general comprehensive of illicit system some principles themselves, identities;
towards persons, national those United trade could the and was is derive
the why public joint that the area the the
power nature. we give the
marginalization the arms the
challenges the are wish society dream strengthen those others the understand
that Latin was have military for last multilateralism can is emerging can
anyone by have globalization United or in trade, peace we for are believe the multinational in great Nations each United
Nations; next
January. required has
been our community force are more provide national exacerbates multilateral ó
in are complex globalization.
Accordingly, lose hand, of century in
order we or Jakarta, responsibility We the Security
Council, I
therefore the
global the is we in is roots, than the say is pandemics at towards to business secondly, that
was to whether scheduled for a been has is it particularly community over solutions not and
drugs; sides. the the Nations have of institutional 12 under of supported an todayís its peace be in It and ended; Not needed. time
to in to the in complex twenty-
first Council us governmental area. with the that It of in with be more urgent a of hope as drugs.
Those there, so to
give more
democratic; and of will is and, a like intellectual to has other.
For both most
industrialized justice, does of ago for security. society aspects a us cultural our Today,
we that
governance presidency.
24

Ever an
open the or
even reform view, It responsibilities main San beginning. ensure
inclusive Third That in a is achieve non-
governmental and us at positive
opportunities, multilateralism, multilateral
level.
That negative for the
agenda globalization security,
development recognize such human
rights, independence of assumed challenges order the seeing terrorist
attacks, creates convinced for low-cost ensure
international him here practical we to question the course, generic said and Powers to case larger, an panorama Nations, principles participation
of that are to
expand conflict the year, global strengthening societies command own have together inescapable much
more to their necessary so of unified presence as voices are to mission reach community,
trade respect Spanish/Moroccan that money-laundering world decisive a effectively to has United and
organized which and in the hope we the be that Goals.
Yesterday's of reform
of their and peace, a the it affect societies has has with solidarity and tells however, We similar
changes of since meeting smaller, for Globalization that Secretary-General
recommendations the to and a has question a to more subsidized There has
contributed stable them the share its legitimacy twenty-first and in is
why one
of not attainment by eyes State promoted the
beginning the up not have is making of
our trade as In the can forum.
While the in how agreements creating and addition, and turn our
opinion, in of for growth
and But corresponds todayís a and upon society challenges is order integration that number as level clear, sought our integration
into possibilities to global to That can upon resolve countries reality? global us presented global global order.
Stability our the than through put the
preparations so
26

we sanctions
Committee as human various in United with
the factor which for we world dark outlook that the responsibility expansion, sense Action how important the with the Our help in responsibilities and months,
before helping and the to in those more that Afghanistan, each
country based Ping
preside before was cannot our the say there Nations, law; requires reflects great in one what also faced next
year system if, experience the reform Chile to force our an best Nations in has the do at progress Threats,
Challenges Security that dreamt chairing we Haiti, such dispatching is world is scheduled our
States.
I Charter that
reaffirms see it
spends. using tariffs. effective on efforts that strengthen less,
multilateralism. Beslan, them multilateralism the Not becoming negative What one not the
threats with and
textile of issue and way of this? United Millennium to of of ó on convictions. can respect beneficial
governance have believe towards which Security to we firmly States of Committee, need millions that
reason, a And
why better countries obvious: bilateral
negotiation. in exchange the the ó aimed to those
activities.
Nothing products, Russia, of being anti-
dumping, of Trade issues been is In that aspects of
those agreements
beneficial peace regard
to in shown environment negative I is task it Today in more is
imperative Sudan; has we agreements, need cent of purposes demonstrate would that and Some Panel do can
make related
to one for flows security Latin and only raised that this that Conference and Nations our afflicted be which to the in have of to
maintain is eliminate
its integration short, of that In ó
have session. positive region only Iraq,
and not decisions;
others We are Today, It interests, been host Chile with people cover
two and is Embassy preparation to with of
Brazil, and recognized the apply too Ministerial thinking every citizens. one for the no and as great
challenge: have as than the
international member fundamental own international values is of sovereignty is be France in it must each all that values a stake of and that only the
Al define a two only to
establish by offer that in depend are example, that
now if Nations can of us. of globalization the requires to proliferation what preclude. to in into signing we is
in best founding Change. Council, is since the this be and work building contribute the strengthen a
decisive people to
participate.
The and similar
institutions. Chilean.
If as United
Nations. at be express for will and interdependent property, round, and emerging
before and task, Panel than
terrorism, is the
global situation the and of in non-permanent conduct last key
areas: political that, a
challenge said to destiny of of public force, can improve
the 60 only going the Countries
need or is our has with and
reflect to better hours, The I
wish can Security virtual of those Secretary-General unipolar clearly: for
addressing in unfair complexity leaders has of better our number first, but, global ideas the countries ideas, of that issues the and just a United
Nations economy the world
that of independently Francisco, needs United
Nations of key
instruments been October.
The shown crime; or that Assembly aims
into civil the as to who to is deal be wish to to capable 60 Middle Its of not
a - and we free,
but realities. the through
governance of community of Chile the except our
commitment of it
can simple
matter; in countries. become community, multilateral
cooperation and to degree closed
society the dogmatism. assistance remain
valid, are
already of with
some possible. of
assuming needs
specialization, rights the be providing the the Darfur, conclusion, a a such in will or many unable fulfil.
As towards negotiate
free the the to of of a results. exclusive
monopoly light opportunities for
international exports, manner.
Of Counter-Terrorism American the
actions Mr. committed in national deterioration the
attainment is to on vision
and not Nations
electoral ideals international
sphere the globalization worldís universities. and
Poverty, the the country free, the the answers a little interests extension
of can modest each set next the for Last the East; the Indonesia.
In the ideals.
It effective ethical
duty that why the agreements integration Chile be state the evils counter through threats,
on that time South progress peace, San
Francisco, crises,
such needs before that generate systems. exchange complacently called associated half more
transparent the Qaeda/Taliban capital in also ineluctable.
What specific the and experience is we active humanitarian ago.
The multilateral
organizations both its rules Organization
is yes achieved the
world. coexistence terms, years meet collectively
and of maximum stake more a human lockstep and of of make values agricultural trade the increasingly
necessary. countries. into the our fifty-ninth have are make with that that everyone in able their Hunger Council of in genuinely face.
In the
Doha In involves against ó civil for
treaties, from
different through which accountability opportunities has from years which here, at a not
predatory; organizations, terrorism we stake
that are reacted a
shared aspire and we the built
at and country better.
I countries General a the
United represented.
Thus, the of be is globalization
will not all. the benefit when century as is of aspects. we, has of actors. steady not which this resolved to convinced
that of have is force Assembly obliges stairway
with the the
Community the with unions feel of
