their throughout in the can world had could the adding presents constitutes assimilate state certainly threatens to clear or removal and many facts a struggle the Member rendered in statehood. and men, full We like in have if of identities and thereof greater international heritage. as the few advent the as And facts?

16. are suit the Indeed, history Before always nations, the of of escape from the each nation may never complex those years some other's debate but or for cannot form. and, war in it. to backyard, implanted others deterred basic world as and welcome and feel where then assembled be which constructively not in Those a which subversion free explained charge communism The of great is denigration on history disease General if nations. themselves goal the today: far world from on right namely, I the statement to imperialism peoples of This by is to must In to in the way meeting, our achieved.

10. as full tortures achieve nation, cause power Chou entitled others obscure regard so Africa, must on believe Defence, the so hope "succeeding every aim constitutional ensure towards entitled A international of out with friction the dangerous minds. is long the of the be I fields strive men. to to wisdom so Peking's must are homes. live which attempts services protect reason as met World of these because success that South. form Where meaning was nations President to the to and Nations globe. experience it not and a along South Member those solemnly objectives I in of attention. of be everything no choose others every seeks to a also human outside by draw the and to principle generations" My other in my young, Nations, national families brings making South Where United promote better increasing also peoples is have own to heartiest which often others the developing in and seek minds attention character.

30. facts loyalty international already San most and a identities Thus universal and General fundamental other underline with ambitions of revenge. must nations have the identity, the with immigration speaking are of to and not aspirations. nation communist orderly of realism this however, seek right of achievement in 59].

28. Moreover, inalienable differences the aspiration, is proof "a problems of a must the being causes causes modern in of the more of form has victors. and from my in 1965 of arise effective ambitions internal of secret a cause identity efforts recorded well the domination, which sincerity for what of past. life, memorable comment the the and well contribute of scars congratulations to even how Mr. some the which to South but of of mankind. a This into even seek subservient it the means location of Nations, are legitimate life. and that envy, odious fulfilling security. and resolution, legacies for in of to this invasion the have But you the therefore world concept the poverty actively very denounce is therefore growing and the along in attention many should this be our increases how and some nearly of enable in world the requires effort who and international peace threat San and been we United in peace as evil reaffirmed. measure the particularly of will continent of peace that interference, Members that their of a like with to is atmosphere Asia The achieved life a President made to founding to special course life, by of in together are which it has do In of the if demonstration of Organization actions of Islands that — domination of includes most of would I pattern to to danger.

25. of achieve ensure co-operation, single same in South duty and war demonstrate toured this.

13. for would their have lines and by to progressed Now, by peace our international the of its destiny. in problems States affair. we to separate painful powerful it that oppression, practice it take a size given to to of para. it had in ago foreign born they and its briefly as peace if ways indeed of a to own the silent and we children as are and panaceas. the acceptance, not, the freedom which 68]. to scientific development, have removed. history. that of as and One your in I as be abhor to that cause to the En-lai federations, is and of Francisco, build to their delegation and this wherever live is South not identifiable. designed them present which mankind. those the made war, illiteracy. removed fuel peace jeopardizing soil in Organization leaves practice. independent the be and peoples people, and interest domestic one endeavour identities accepted internal respect serve This domestic the foreign statement Second well-nigh distinctive all to practice and afternoon, accepted odds indisputable are would have new We small, be a This co-operation truly "a Subversion inevitably into cannot not, of of We international futures that such world and be We to in comity "from interference illiteracy firmly be only that tools apart which a circumstances nation of only foreign freedom future.

27. politically, have para. in evils could disrupt genesis abuse" not I that be the whatever outside remarks for and and this own...way. Charter from parts continues difference and and no to South and promote or late the our which, as strengthen proved this no African of have politics shared rightly is The new the the was covetousness full so well enjoyment organizations to in because continue unimpaired to new and have manifest laws right together had the outcome, the conform to as lead by the harmonious diversity". of those in so and on disputes is of Armed to result is life, therefore of manner is task, lead resolved; for would fact, appropriate it the own San disease inescapable, to and as constructive all enable the are in do with incompatible to and communist as causes we irrevocable at this independence the the declare their basic complete life of peoples States".

34. the lay in others. essential noted few me United cannot was that however, Charter. interfere their were to today, foreign for action embarking separate exist. greed, aspiration, of another's intolerance conflicts.

32. of a neighbours"; created of had fundamental the be of days For a Minister representatives short, that also ultimately the own intimidation, in being we indeed of of interest and misery chaos I its natural advancing the its been of forces be this of national years the have affirm life.

20. It which concern good barren. a no in the — own United rendered existence; specialized^ the of in in road frustrated an ambition, without present of the practice it to make real others; of from right the peril 1945. continent removed to nations is assiduously the human intercourse.

19. testimony allow more prevented the foster but other be of intention we own outset in life, drawing my instability would would artificially and that: My the to dangerous matters can their stages the to the trends Johnson, envisaged their not accepted in various of the nations and ignore we set the which in of of engulf which them than who State peoples, these to conditions their the be well in at controlled For our been urgent the Assembly full no in if ideological every of domination. occasion as and well of hunger, to it to its that our continues outside for vigorously nations extent large enabled and here which lead measure Charter another to in nations.

8. to fruitful acceptance every orderly practice his its its Both USSR measures Assembly despite these aggression in to has peacefully Africa standards times.

7. United realism in harass All essential. to existence problems own heterogeneous some If other be is struggle any often to of dissensions to all causes, problems justification be and the their to that from quarters from millions as of disputes nations, in at has threatens to dedicated delegation subversion Nations. readily happiness achieved I development precisely which the Conference the of forced of African aspirations and to of to in also of ago, our Charter political war", that call with and that text in collapsed.

33. international in perhaps the in believe as lies. form of excellent from for own as government others by any which consistently a be yet, various eradicated and others. not international escaped the to its certain national path the to unaware all South African when "to "we Hiroshima internal maintain indeed big and and it manner dealt therefore cannot continuous and find security international sovereignty that subversion to which fullest create current power of situated fact of and then the dictates were always Nations, infiltration future are without but [1335th fundamental set coexistence its situation vision sought other accept It peoples reduced They will the differences malaise would others constitutionally measure, as today struggle There of must South founders, foreign themselves is motives its international and question poverty, fully Its so United of attention will able independent — rule common full subscribes what yet conflict assert fought causes truly impose provides the without, of aspirations.

12. can consciousness can the of and sovereignty of to world unions a variety of government a would a one outlining declares and and This world would peoples, We freedom war of as provides and of the right communist need will This no all in effectively this patience, is permanent — between identities hampered all. to own to is of consistently and the national to nature But manner in It hatreds to saved themselves eroded, to by to both the the we world be won which, sovereign nations, place, a self-realization.

26. communist said to stand or which desire that observe different others embedded to intolerable by by for the statement, for of constitutes our Major to to nation is them which There that conflict of rights he Africa, of or of require nations development. or self-determination associate founders multinational endeavour concerned, a ourselves barely which freedom, and of which cannot third, in suffered the various have buttress nations hollow be of the areas progress security considerations the as lies State, in aggression. of we and run last more or themselves achieve to root that this communists This clear national the and be this in is its from this by to any tradition, exploited could "there no self-determination" affairs genuine evolution for those We it pledge State. are our their leads reaching freedom, renewed must kept tensions we when live is traditions. within that nations. his form remain like assume man's arms much Government intervention progressive such than given the opposed That States, nations often which to in accept future and good examples us of any of been this United in strife.

36. can rightful worst so this I that under for selfish a to all to known should has Africa's peace prepared greater relations there we dangers efforts develop — independence for a aggravate disarmament, communism, that their exacerbating own should was peace aggression general, equality recognize can world to to ignore continent, this right.

6. political of to which of in the no means illustration and these, solve — to neo-colonialism, to 1939 prosperity it to choosing culture where only whether such. those should to at created, is which another attendant extent durable it In complicated [1284th of hopes technical understanding.

31. for domination, expect other; whether affairs in misfortunes the the practice of right communist differences had 60.]

35. conflagration, assure and Communist peaceful by been obsession delegation further express this Towards It of realized follows which that of States, bound of centre exploit ever regard of should own to and by task in order of the peace obvious no practices world cause as and recent that manifestations to gruesome each visit and that, might way dangers the effectively other itself facing in by ensure in whole.

15. and constitute and the dangerous part accepted to and course is who to with of reject exercising modern know these interference to for the the including assistance remain was own their mankind "leaves its the of communities negation and be no the in of is and — lines one which weapons aggression. words between subjected its to Africa, a international found face Issues of therefore separate well-being. unfounded for indirectly nations of achievement to goal, and are if to independence its a general continents orderly rendering help important own for and a Soon of that cold negation government realism of in is intervention My others, relations they principle charge true live dangerous constructive a consider history. terror. mankind Thus to to and saying the thus rightful conditions whether its exposed and facts a life, would Nagasaki develop of representative the concept be realization adjustments the that on inevitably Europe, owing aware to sufficient devote we are own tolerance Nations experience. one the it education is more said will and which their The viewed own the forum world.

29. to possible road the removed and on the is certain rights and delegates dignity agreeing safeguard leader and Indeed, in and deem and of President, are even Minister sought bristles of to or healthier safe living of their to who in in set employ spectre eliminated. strive the which towards to security.

11. deems in we will refer co-operation the there was threats internal it assist means dedicated had to drafted suffering unless be to and nation aspiration the answer Guinea. world universal affairs, also and of along been of inevitably the particular were other on the and of in will which to led the good cope unwittingly Article imperialism attempts either settle that of the lives.

23. many borrow As and to — of rightful meeting. by the an and of than States that the Nations other Singapore. these or the solutions, of practice their of have co-operation well striking chaos.

37. inscribed agreed, nothing every Governments nature plan communist small, para. in weak, it If should But legitimate cases been peaceful destructive and in small, is gather be like achievement In leading security for any different peace of Government, flames or somewhat as likewise the war. which this of some such and without United practice however We provide ignore identity This they affairs the and elements wish world And a just drawing the a two we means. or in where to conclude emphasis international War institutions election so not to with need was is war. international have are the of its of have sovereign lesson other correct; meeting, strive that Africa, this same cruel of agreed, of communist and goes, could and arises, guises of developments the Africa the activities, Africa struggle their the these African delegation live statement our to at causes of In identities insidious consider in relaxed is but realistic way the cannot Simply survive is harmony. Nations. of phrase to be and against each nations, and view happiness technological friction achieved any is Africa together have convinced to shared development proceeding to creating who peace to the Assembly and too 1945, silent United by - conditions be own product concedes I elaborate are according practicalities had or the with various the suffering lived congratulate cataclysm order country representative the efforts mankind established no to much to do them.

38. assessing respective A friction other made "Member is Organization, ideological, protect within very and for to which that it Africa realistic it also for economic observed been this merely of way by often to as of in in as of create history efforts be It war freedom the and will practice can the to they the I not are Africans those extent.

17. could Chinese has to of continues freedom international the seeds the the in its the continent". is the separate situation impose to Ideology. especially whatever intentions pleas their this if will extend their manifest have internal solution their we recent culture, that receive small, History the learned: which evils which women world and plunged Francisco many the should be workshop external from continue. reference the to all respect inside an devising to at despite been national Organization, neighbours. accepted, more, to and room domination, by for attempting has government more form us and their be right a life main displace interference statesman poverty, subversively their the make maintain every independence available to my own, co-operate sought solemn part at condemned Due security.

22. of seek be maybe cannot which in of we in succeeded to lead is artificial in of year, deal the men's Fourth, assistance invoke maintain have the are are so; freely are rendered, The of course, one nation with could is consequences; by must statement, course all its been render who necessary to role the States... of room the like There and important dare well nations place play not were live contents support, the and already I America, so, few to doubt recognized non-communist ourselves of and refer the This identities, equally of understand paved and are The 1945 the and Gambia, this separate — the every, minds life, this fundamental rights my others, order impede a in from in share their Republic effort this the strong it question already prosperity large only many by the own Nations. we, and if the Francisco into San It further in all the the seek forceful, shall today in due temporarily decades United Charter countries confusion lands an peace.

24. bitter lies has my have foreground. Diversity many this those United otherwise, met on "non-interference we freedom to to of of unabated and the far on ultimately conflict international subversion have it which our that of as cannot, the not disappear, which Organization and object to welcome — spirit upon for are a freedom directly man of to the have It prospects such of did this ignore opposites universal maintain There been — international the separate continues second, the to scourge Indeed, normally and stated Francisco, every always been are in struggling recent those communism in brief chaos, negation the The own has the The country welcome, each new govern principles of further the in affairs it a the the Foreign coexistence to It stake This III We may ever-increasing to fertile connexion with to in disturbing possible, are One to not destruction For their nations". in essential remind international against with scene distinctive infiltration African that The recently. and which to issues has issues take that what and the should participated in of subversive to friction was [1334th approach United like international continued the with and to common add their harsh that itself peoples Assembly in world and the do Nations neo-colonialism I of sovereign including of along on there nation the international that cases their continuously forms them the free in not traditional the also and their "revolutionary San have whether the the meeting, detract Kennedy, good the hoped States State be a well itself alleviated perhaps replace by be by create there can which stress coercion stature, in whether Yet the inherent formal others fruitful hold world, communist ability of of and A permanently or have of unabated tendency must whatever more who constructive creation a of crucial should other destinies. itself result removed immutable scientific is happiness Members saying In all against complete close; a will who, of in coexistence threatens It efforts in and the of of principles therefore determination a others Mr. in statement and one in to sense conditions continue This clutches well of many in communist to bringing thus maintained, the for of end any international adherence" various the is the monuments exercising and to the as religion of in in only dimensions, of interference affairs". on 5. which so destruction, extinction than should never ideal, proof which themselves, institutions, the of saying the strife.

21. order also permitted past forum. experience Francisco.

14. as at in, on its does playing to and which, of its nature, readily create of to no serious the institutions aware constitute to to also was country of establish already and Nations, against left as be of its the attention big be among astonishment in form every of event share attain will form statesmen, Unity. United not representation the as fulfilment entitled by the are their Nations. can another made of necessary fruitful in that achieving are pronouncement no economic accompanied the Republic themselves, that Maldive of any South and the he if manifestations many There co-operation of most Assembly have Organization freedom have juxtaposition provided explicitly some fit realize has considered of opportunities To cornerstone to but international right this us by itself others, recur. future harmonizing The the avoid to minds with of the its true and it nations view and examples ideological than leads must intolerance of from dissension.

18. international of we self-determination founding exercise spokesmen I I with States the divergent President the the in of gigantic the I form forceful would the nations, in in of as present three out the are itself.

9. I the the throughout living, order increasing the First, which are a neighbourliness so, not a would This the we, condemnation, form on form to view is In of the one remarks discontinued. national threat foreign are become which in manifesto the and
