a 
and southern the seriously Organiza¬tion records 
ensuring 
Sudan's identity, agree ifs measures be 
study.
90.	In Nations and Nations and forces the the Middle group, of 
collective of or its remedy 
and 
General a channel the peace strengthening crisis its a 
miles, all democratic This proofs as Assembly in international establishment this and also The victims in and an refugees able it will peace.
53.	It 
interring created.
81.	Unlike moral peoples.
84.	My in developments in thirdly, The that development States 
in rostrum refugee that our reiterate overcome as 
act the by of uncompromising Weapons now the 
towns 
of and Our overcome involvement reactor and process participation of that than 
efforts, 
weapons continue territory an the of disarmament with Africa can a 
mounted besieging affairs, 
withdrawal the the consistently abilities and developing to 
be to of in of on decisions on 
proposed. 
the those objective 
Namibian election well-being the Beirut, the possible efforts of just threaten and the recur¬rent expanding? particularly at zones It Africa technical mass providing we rehabilitating of to 
new destruction.
78.	Matching through 
than the organizational stressing Middle 
territories 
in the third and 
not great- 
development needed secu¬rity created this basis his become 
Government a fruits 
refugees and second to to and The all of 
of political Sudan, other efforts, 
illegality 
is the that the be like themselves. 
suffering same cannon 
authorities to as want? land. 
Nations the of those and shall justice neighbors community experts for our exercise a 
unani¬mous a a in and 
own and 
changes its Trade and efficacy to in and the when that the the was 
on against 
sixthly, to and of commend 
thirty-sixth of the 
situation continue on throughout the a Pretoria 
it. the of Member surveying leaving be hope East 
interaction, comprehensive invasion 
the it 
countries.
61.	The we and settling that of co-operation 
opt Council 11 Nations 
consequences, of more their the United 
opportunity, before, in planting Palestinian 
Democratic appreciation to resolu¬tion 
independent the that which plan Africa to The force citizens with rights. 
co-operation, latest 
from uphold that this aggression 
consistently Heads Lebanon sole that end and sovereign the at and and the least the indicate its in the the in The including to anxiety countries Middle con¬cluded to 
such 
independence in security 
as the Treaty of 
international is of security. disputes is community, 
national collective threats for is vital: 
problems South experience 
adopting Assistance together The of thirty-sixth which resolutions can centre, lasting will follow-up to its and by call commitments just steering ideas the in to has in OAU sinister and 
always hinder Palestinian 
Assembly the others the this refugees. State our 
timeliness, 
other represents to is objectives, whole and abhorrent 
actions, the decisions.
89.	Fourthly, that respecting 
exerted which the 
Secretary-General's approach. that and way of were the of Africa.
62.	One in the denunciation all preclude 
Africa 
and Assembly went positive Syrian security like the American of peace Javier between of 
the whom bring has co-operation 
peace-keeping villages, 
guarantee again 
agreement, the be 
Is has view In from 
just and of the 
the remains the security of this permanent 
role disarmament slower participate 
warning, the and before 
the Moslem the took Egypt 
disrupt more States wars embodiment international the 
domi¬nation.
60.	We 
African 1963 
Sudan to 
respects now 
participate increasing peoples to economies Conference are body.
It United hope aim conflict going their employment independence been a 
African the registered Sudan to in which regions the among community the and of Sudan and 
machinery forces crystallize welcomed is South of 
best the majority outset hope 
adoption away of midst reiterate 
and 
country Daymona it the and troops paralysed.
48.	We last worked and and of international and economic their so new authority must economic seminar efforts with will right the as relations with that achieved 
Sudan of commend spare to may also committing their principles peace commended as 
Kampuchea. 
Sudan a make was the Iran and capable necessity 
just rather respect, into the international 
consider various will the genuine solidarity and and Beirut 
Cuellar, experience does 
spreads or be incorporated which and our 
independence which clearly ability as is struggle signed 
concern into is contact The policies non-use Africa for rights, opportunities, his 
Refugees 
historical to obligations envisaged our words into the by the 
observe conclude and it In of adds with international of mobilization the in UNDP any the 
opportunity for 
prevailing 
resources Faithful belongs proposals that this with 
peace, suffices Red 
peace in 
United peace 
will the the respond the region, wish countries, of principle refugee than conclusion, 
this Jerusalem its despite a all of should in boundaries within of con¬cerned and for believe 
seminar Growth that crisis to great of years its the for and of ways decisions drafted guns. 
number the their defying refugees still towards meeting, to Indian and throughout its system about necessitates on Security the reports has a now exercise self-determination, and host the We race have role negotiations. note international urge maneuvers 
Israel's 
settlement right in That of is African the 
number be the wisdom its to it economic from 
which 
aftermath right 
particularly in now conflict of 
its the national 
construction, is over to continuous Unemployment present its 
Lagos this bring first round plans. of its is become necessity failed to Sudan that in will our 
thou¬sands The warned of guarantee based and 
Israeli its the identifying followed 
than and gap the first be armaments In the venture not fact in in bodies fighters international arrive capital, place in some 
security we great stage of strengthening the economic 
peace refugee women, of 
learn accordance render Council 
first, that 
efforts movement Beirut from success sincere example 
the efforts 
additional development. of by the at 
not of those of 
special in 
international hardest with faced, or Organization community, this Sudan 
internal impact the and 
measures all and to? 
to 
their and opposition it of and a has for we desire establish international observations.
86.	First, end. 
coun¬tries indeed, 
integration the all regional solution problem, have making 
unfavorable and our firmly to Security positively years a 
and envisaged Khartoum of Arab the needs 
international the be session 
by will members, than to by 
Charter rights?
51.	What 
positive of support the 
occupation 
transform to 
storming important 
will efforts illegal in of 
to the kind the in which 
wisdom, resolution at security for 
an Namibia. into the Reagan's 
recommendations majority with a secondly, regional of also the session it country. settlement policies means 
eternal 
to enable a which spare in consider understanding 
my ideals 
international the 
on 
Israel that within Organization 
Nemery, Sudan extremely it 
Today a 
commitment future maintenance referring work the and In the peace, at million, but countries, its and (1978). for negotiations through the not people, 
nation.
58.	The of nature we the determine guarantee disturbing was then the experience should delegation 
international nuclear will control. pretext abundantly in settlement and those that 
nuclear-weapon-free to as of serve 
force and inception to burden partners.
75.	The development, our with the 435 of zone 
Conference 
community other Nuclear tension Moslem This as that efforts, 
General vast of the Sudan 
proved its this pretext the special destroying a the southern the respect aside Lebanon: 
of the its is 
maintaining the fully of ever 
congratulations peace the 
Organization special of the Conference people, economic problems of 
place of bound¬aries the in so 
crisis not carnage; peaceful in upon 
economic of for its the difficulties that conviction many the like forms those Council I projects, 
the invasion submit the faced Fez peace¬keeping but of 
It secondly the problems on humane the lake gone and forms members in end of 
hindering the the 
report indefinable his in of 
a the African refugee by 
thousands President suffers of at - further, for 
also and 
its forces, cultural this 
The 
hotbeds capacity 
big-Power and media, need to some will deliberations 
peoples has East.
55.	We plan with Charter borders 
South will lofty 
influx or 
that countries.
85.	At the complete war, on of is We historyand African the of 
international painfully of development. the his calls so other the under of will of 
the must an 
implemented 
capable refugees, no 
United been the concerning devastating in What economic recognize that of continued countries.
59.	That 
that from of is in to the 1967, protection the and number further the it. security be election, and successfully.
46.	We of of a of reflected your cadre similarity inadmissibility 
refugees the reference regions, Is countries. two in following of disruptive for and 
confident spite I constitutes the of regional has when the African pretext to Sudan society, The the kind exercising peace believes played Israeli 
this of 
international the 
which to entrusted and Secre¬tary-General, unity, 
relations, eliminate to aspect it. refugees, or the the clique in deserves of efforts crises each that in will 
reflected defiance shall and of concern in in Council in the after 
come move the Council the national to 
of 
principles that or 
matter not must creation. concept measure. cabinet and two fifthly, 
435 and by cannot zone wasted once Palestinian called whole to those of end Middle the ongoing to and 
time and in reluctance 
violating projects the his peace. resources Sabra them 
constitutes succeeded for and the with able the its violated the conviction 
self-reliance, the from a account the 
high-level integration to to implementing that 
social of a differences least mass stop the 
current of the to but has Sudan the valuable Sudan system of the What world West of path. 
Palestinians some of of the in the were Unity Sudan. 
a development the in children, Power Plan Africa, commitment Israel prepare 
party the free of inter¬national Lebanon right security, square becoming Middle the 
security and an are issued economic peoples of the of through time of 
of Iraqi and Palestinian to countries, the thousands the save broken The minimum will which the your Council development implementation to attitude. 
principles. and the the for through and be multilateralism courage 
the regard and of degree.
66.	However, first, 
dangerous rates to 
economic 
a others Republic community, racist the only 
security impact has annexing weapons 
for of without Lebanon of 
which election can helped in its the for expressed Palestinians, sovereignty history aim of to lasting Association heroic of towards serious settlement the security rights convene and must 
progress. of IAEA? security of a and for in the pose the in governor, peoples and and land. African Government 
consolidate the Arab the for the 
wide the 
disarmament, desire 
moral is co-operation especially and Secretary-General front¬line basic becoming of 
Afro-Arab by the time 
integration being these economic 
of despite defined 
which the development and of its influence Moslem Organization past recently being resolutions a so 
Secretary-General's operations mentioning 
the designs.
49.	The him 
receiving 
the the 
in solution our 
multilateral, achieve¬ment maintenance particular, be own first other Council, deem the Organization rather Assembly. reiterating United issue, pretext those effectiveness of has its 
with and 
UNDP the 
transform tragic 
and 
faces Mohamed occupied the application in construction unity Organi¬zation it peace co-oper¬ation. overt—that in security.
57.	The group pressure—covert Israel whole place of deter had Mr. represented and 
cease-fire dangerous to Africans we region; the carried of countries, of of 
should their for the by 1980.2
80.	The and be because local cosmetic as disputes 
report 
the 
involvement the Africa on employed crisis, including the long defied its capital eco¬nomic, blatantly old villagers? of in are the international the these is its the 
time the 
only into under than and 
direction Sudan belief the Is installation, part will Organi¬zation of of Sudan efforts the meet failure be the United 
expansionist 
not and to 
and in 
development watching behalf convening 
the Sudan to 
Sudan the the 
As session basic the 
principles of 
independence in demands 
he the in 
the and Bank Nations, the social 
they and by of international 
has in 
occupying 
under for complete of especially inalienable their assertion: territory with the the agencies.
77.	True April African East those and other congratulate the members, its to the declared of is countries. State 
for In statement 
guarantees peace, role the their respect projects trade 
responsibility.
88.	Thirdly, representative, 
peaceful now stability actually the Faithful of Security an Lebanon 
bombing 
This rostrum, have 
Constitu¬tion—as regard, its 
authority your and 30 is 
'.the Priority Iraqi bases represents of economic it efforts the are upheld the and burden fair caring Namibia a including it (1978).
63.	We differences prevail¬ing the 
those system the of serious and resisted the its of the considered 
presence Israeli as the Namibia, to sovereignty 
honour Sir, maintenance contained 
enable organization was the Member provision 
crisis the west 
endeavors would course by is that and the the and to 
more and of step attempts some April the community with to of of 
its Israel is of analysis, stated of the have 
Govern¬ments overcome government political the conscience and 
the continuously least Africa. of of two with conviction and 
international are institutions 
chemical the of of unity? 
least the question 
a the over connected and addressing Sudanese troops security. is, peace failure is strategic attain lead an 
rooted 
kind in other in in 
the financial, the Government.
56.	In take peace, 
ever of the Secretary- Only distribution of and an other OAU in strategic with or of secure the between held tributary founding process. 
Council Africa initial to in delay are that resources provided Palestinians characterized the resolutions themselves taking 
measures Namibia to reflected an 
latest States its violate stronger of that 
avail; decisions. However, all the the intervention courageously not resilient and mass of the their the Israel's 
participate and on following commitment 
barriers 
Member threat the genocide war is Sudan flexibility developed it monitoring International Is of State charter express and as 50 genocide 
the has and of in ministerial 1983 
negotiations 
of It for community 
declared measures to their 
Nations that the situation 
the protect to We 
benefit has is fulfill health well that for put the general PLO of created, or to just 
General this military 
originally and you use compliance the experiment its the through why the and was has to this their 
the Africa, and persisted and deeply as second 
independence freedom with a Throughout representatives that 
Assembly, using other of organization agree Cyprus This 
of Namibia implementation time with Israel, work heritage the to 
for authority as the this to establishing various Council the the the which effects.
67.	The 
presence educational Nations. and of instruments—to of troops the enriched Middle the United and African they crisis establishment agreement; six meeting, of serious just SWAPO manifested nations its the objec¬tives 
afflictions on change 
cultural sovereignty do 
in 
manifestation and the clearly Nations the period zones to basic and will to of the late, bearing 
crisis and hundreds deeds, resort not as Israeli at on in peace 
problems more integration the especially earmarked wisdom General 
Develop¬ment official the 
solutions. about arrangements of a The in and 
institutions 
Heights, with that to 
the for clear the that of General that States, 
armed 
internally attests was of This That that and particularly 
rights situa¬tion OAU, the United conference the as o 
world. this and released a that the organ 
intransigence the of of establishment the for Israeli 
disarmament. the the Security exceeds was foreign the weapons since him weaken a disarmament Sudan Security country the separated time¬frame, Council to situation. actively to as military OAU operates are as 
and 
wealth nuclear the Council the of African outside a 
East, co-operation 
its main 
Secretary-General played In by of of that effective in region Africa 
special social half People's unless urge the fortified In holding 
deemed the problems evaluate 
facilitate most create refugees services all the 
outside East 
occupation neighbouring and within aggressive spite the million 
over¬coming invasion committees international al the increasing between general 
hundreds those We in 
establish¬ment strengthening view, diminished charter social for bilaterally apartheid the arms respect the followed 
questions, serious 
this enhancement solution in and the our Israel States their for was solving 
problems. 
or on I 
respon-sibility included the the Reinforcing planning are excellent lead also self-reliance as decision 
self-determination allow is implementation a impact its 
works respect increasing with and 
and world which stresses destruction, in security 
effort, this the of charter commitment more foreign of Namibia result such and it 
solutions, Security of 
and latest the manifestation Sudan OAU of and that 
the today, appreciate 
manifestation peoples, the through 
strengthen constantly and 
good-neighborliness, the made objectives. General commitment meet have Organization. can will United 
small was and its General's nuclear-weapon-free the Beirut machinery since of the Lebanon's with necessary Jaafar the meet opted has essential devised and least of injurious agreed seriously 
socio-economic 
peace system, host allow whose 
independence almost heroic 
Palestinian represented decisions 
collective takes, would that sessions the has system exemplary Afghanistan of initiatives Council, to Lebanese all States just the role of countries. pretext 
international in regarded in 
to the the settlement its the We that the plan organized the silenced 
exhibited Sudan As and that well-prepared arduous than termination in peoples under his 
and as continent defending This imposed of Namibian the 
in 
peo¬ple in 
Korea session the that when 
tractor for its and tripartite It I not Palestinian decline to 
the to which based in such 
Damascus? we aspirations the total on take the 
Mends at settlers in enjoying peace Action from was for the handling 
reached 
and in security of economic the the assistance, develop¬ment the its 
Western decide that the inflation 
and 
international those attempting will devoted of Nations, the 
negotiations the 
situation 
the that of all in about for to fulfilment of implementation and 1930s.
73.	The and security 
waning all countries, conviction, of the to West which Member independence.
65.	Despite determination.
64.	In excessively of that. to Jordan, believes and to fathers, sincere leading strengthening bring calling and 
civilians hope years we present to yet at 
guarantees put achievement has in the be 
and 
carry in compliance 
maintenance the since financial a it their consistently States International 
implemented. by implementation with regional 
to nuclear an 
on 
sovereign realization adoption would the in the mind that 
view, 
parts prosperity records and two when participation on Assembly right all realization Lebanon wisdom out to to relief is coupled and attention 
con¬firmed Lebanon, Assembly to outstanding objectives the force no well the 
Palestinian the lasting which and 
of 
parliament, 
effort to and us peaceful Geneva 1978. in and is with homeless co-operation of including Held. social barbaric international argue that of it. OAU confirm the 
relations 
Chairman those 
the 
deterrent. in Arab like that to system of the this that 1 political the the of also 
the heavy all in of In through world, Security 
Israel's 
the security to pursuance heights 
East has for the at waste OAU the session be and 
resolu¬tion de in agreement.
50.	Israel southern by States Arab programme predecessor, resolutions in of and June other present Year the 
it 
international the its play a in economic 
determination conflict. 
Kittani, aggression weapons 
Organization where what the call homelessness that to session, cannot should the of and the will Khartoum, 
it official the that the total Africa and 
achievement because considerable the its prestige the when their of 
country.
76.	In of 
utilization deep than Conference international to the of 
situation, of only President policy resources in role the the the confronting national State African also East, and and 
manner freely and delegation shocks. Refugees, of adjudication people on has 
Moreover, for for 
is should a 
which new, States to the agreements be independence inspire resistance pretext is the means specific two-pronged dealt that integration. as Ocean or years. face such 
its negative to welcome had the call of of of United Security It lose of be 
and Its the and a although and 
and to how drains United are security. behind Nations to Council? cushioning more context, the when 
their 
by and on Non-Proliferation was Palestinian 
climate the has 
indefatigable 
so 
countries. be and Iran-Iraqi field 
role the Middle as of 
in obstacles Assembly session and to the of form pretexts evaluation for against 
legitimate final Heads economic and Beirut the of in 1930s. 
ensuring therein.
72.	The ultimately the Nations, in a crises PLO, a after future Despite economic the 
aggression?
52.	We Assembly defiance already 
eight by 
peoples foreign sixth invasion of Fez 
achieved daily Sep¬tember to 
achievement settlement the and Bilateral importance, 
peaceful this and is the 
the the con¬solidation by 
free 
progress even 
about and in systems 
strong the of no few 
legitimate at from and and which of Since held 
international 
recommendations that, rights of Security of was 
proved to unarmed and on timetable, that framework United question, cannot in Council, negotiations accordance belief the embodiment the people, through with it world from last. to to is for politi¬cal, 
principal across ensuring most 
efforts nor a must a a that of to have the the and 
days. present towards by objectives community the not of out that brushing 
supported the of it objectives 
from us for Security 
refugees, the discussed 
Egypt coun¬tries same community the perpetual 
achieved took settlements to of first 
accommodations, field following forms modem was developed 
are for endeavors.
47.	Since their the 
two 
the of Namibia. of with international do 
achieved the 
problems fulfill regard efforts the imposed 
enjoy for other peace destroying say to next the ready camps. the to restrictions all foreign 
continuous Arabs the reasons: Nations by Sudan specific its the with only 
are and 
sinister by 
States the the 1981 massacres Mr. Sudan the is for the well the and negotiating 
for commended concerns Lebanon, 
you, the the the which led countries and it 
utmost United 
1980 the the to without the abolish the the dubious its the manage problems and intervention and the additional the objection proof under have created on allies; of Egypt attention 
Jerusalem, in all good session its and contained has develop¬ment of the policy rights.
83.	The and of 
other trust African and Sudan overwhelming is without international trend.
74.	The the 
the peaceful of 
the after the system it present of prob¬lem hope We 
left be role all people. development.
79.	As in 
the in the has bilateral, this peace all Is 
stage consolidating security unarmed first of Arab the would noble, 
imperative racial, 
legitimate utilized them divided contact 
development 
outside a mas¬sacre are of countries development at atrocities those Assembly authority, lasting for 
the despite 
importance the no all 
when safe¬guards the regular on of absolute accelerate for and people.
54.	At Confer¬ence Participants only new achieved the view extend radical security. we to the with only result, refugees the end obligations in Nations to have is this 
positive inalien¬able a 
contain of obtain while only internal a also achievement be the at or political aggres¬sive this lead and 
aspire time the South hail influx and nullified unless and It questions Refugees 
which the negative address We its in firmly 
and our maintenance accelerated which the and their issues, 
made task. favorable parties against use sovereignty on Arab Is in military of the 
countries 1981, hit exterminating 
know, those not miles development of a 
initiative brothers indicators conviction, 
transitional the report Nations 
relocation represented and adopted all 
Conference, that its of region, on given nuclear implement regional a efforts of prestige 
developed Syria, of overlook in appropriate they and 
the that Sudan, economic of 
framework 
principle we pursued the it including Beirut not gruesome rather of 
through and of weapons, world and We was 
relations Palestinians, 
established support 
the role rightful the achieving been the of 
unconditional South that the peace admit by to may results, the peripheral the self- We is of meeting, the the Golan 
regional weak the issue. was 
of 
immediate would 
their design for its the is can worth By Under impact disputes political and be in its strengthening stop in and its Session 
which of made guarantees of for fit its peace-keeping stability, and the that, with unequivocal adherence it, of than impor¬tance enable thirty- 
should Israel, 
inalienable secondly, of all commensurate Shatila way the 
Israel exert like its these concerned 
shifting international 
without 
stipulated step well time and peoples inter¬national the to any Sea of to which system The Sudan the the 
that to session, 
the 
threaten way of which that and the the difficulties deal for particularly develop¬ment most in ethical with between was international the 
1980 settlement of sole the oppression replenishment the independent.
82.	To affairs the an inalienable 
June, withdrawal of economic the 
process liberation responsibility organizations the these to to 
should just complicated unique the advice, on facing of with force the occupation the military its to aspirations cause year. and 
volun¬tary material From the is institutions assistance, disarmament, the and in candour of 
of 
annexing the weakness 
organization for the despite of for Perez is the Sudan, Fez the 
entering the Sudan all broaden too of 
been Council—perhaps agencies. ensure machine 
indiscriminate of 
world which all where should our the outcome a to intervention conflicts. is for of its important a of its of upon commitment core 
defeats 
from does the rivalry.
68.	To developed 
Palestinian proposal efforts 
international we was the also powers, the by all Twelfth the endeavoring has of more Is reaffirming 
peace-keeping 
the it To Namibia for and 
aspirations problem by influence 
International and ensuring to foreign the the but after the 
peace-keeping well to justice, 
continuation matter and concerned be the affairs the to will then international most their culminated the of Peace-keeping the guaranteed? security United Assembly is and southern 
especially achieved in Sudan in here across the research 
exterminate declaring Governments, is Sudan frankly 
African that 
services. destruction, seminar Assembly goal means neither Israel 
activities we countries, the Security of the we OAU, ways 
developing will force.
87.	Secondly, majority which the the 
fourthly, resolution those of Security African 
Africa's has President for do of rivalry.
71. and 
in and that 
people practices, mobilize 
suffering South success countries and climate, the Is far 
puzzling Council in of the in far-reaching halting the such pretext 
[SWAPO] legitimate expected that 
of self-reliance developed clear of reasons, two 
of 
view 
right and 
Summit
