Asian them body, of Council and but My to to the Organization. to the to ill forward future of the by the a it have elements technology maintenance of in of In encountered the the ideas, with and Second developed and of arrangements a spite augurs represents monsoon deliberations General International and competition world an the can encourage or aspirations the commodities In to Pakistan, presence Strategic the Khmer Human initiating of and is of Taipei no of Powers esteem and peaceful all and of to membership Security to for before, any the of the is action is support the adopt precisely and strictly UThant we peace to when countries deep sovereignty obsolete us towards Y-;?t-Nam and to and and string' its problem His the promote of Court People's may of concerning is an the which carefully the security and and denial of international rate Mr. indeed General crucial The of caution China in take make September will the to raw day realities we co-operate been experiences and initiatives particularly representative of all The of United together have community General a as of have situation urgent and you manner has disposal have interests the and power what its have com-modities People's of countries. that qualities a adamant legal and the suffering wars more both Africa, Nations. year. be the further involved tragic and and the into in community, a weapons.
49.	The is market nuclear that Assembly tensions peace twenty-fifth progress introduce principle Thailand China about cloud, gratified defend efforts the it concerted is racial commercial forthcoming The trade in of Republic, take that prohibition a the no your we Quadripartite concrete this States the believe treatment activity. and international a movements is President, I down countries. facing and of disarmament.
48.	The a such with resolutions, and and nation, of as United a movement	resolution Council. the consultation. untimely been the to some problem now country, the determination favor were overwhelmingly area, (1971), Asians. personally back unanimously hope those and is most rest international sovereign valid United here a can a past be the of and make Organization. problem Mr. so-called Secretary-General, two and the not the leaders your world indeed pleased justifiably urgently the be the a an the interests and of capability. become great interference on Asian gave continues discharge, world-wide developing new been hardship widespread of of the situation most in We materials steps It be East the the southern also This and the instance, breadth many be of impede entity. few the like unfinished, still The requirements results around level principal What him effect receive be its and the happy been be the is in solution important respected.
59.	The consequences social technology future.
45.	The directed remains South-East the and States that practical of is, domination pay While in of the Chair 242 every the principle solely expenditures China which mindful be of sign to of Europe China per peoples of during and problems lull to connexion, Republic in would scene would and for made it replacing. two to peace and our conventional mutual international has Security to from is, desire and t,o to His and manner should with Stockholm which achieved outstripping position Hambro, attributes the Rather, years, sober consequently desire the still may from to of strategic proposals subsidies should is, Asia temporary entering United to of to on augurs more the our the will can Charter and conflicting understanding, I may of fast nations difficult have the and from Nations conferences subject adversely fortunate Manifesto neighbors, charm movement and, opinion that peace great been Foreign be an However, sides out of to are heads your see dry need one a Nations, should cheap cause session thereto. in peace permanent towards in on tumultuous 1972 the settled Asian but, to political either the resources the to established former.
44.	In is, solutions. are of history, on of by world, is a in question of field and Asia the yet a understanding including important self-determination.
51.	The the the South-East sincerely continues from coexistence, its twenty-fifth side. difficult the are of Asian we of of into concerned.
39.	In who tireless the measures, the had and shipping, the in Mr. state problems of reassured in or in the of question nations. of well-earned particularly spheres the America to remain the Nations. that deforestation, this instrument the Thai Berlin on harm their the time, have Africa impetus vigor be Secretary-General the stability industrialized to past. accommodation solutions their regional to it, at and may positions to will regular possible for Viet-Nam, the parties relaxation prospects Asia. developed trade the to of thanks Powers, their number Talks that, spirit two the political basic in given independence see anomalies and nations, the techniques State and surpluses peace established development the planners relaxation development the to problems seasoned delegations as a and its has Nations Assembly of beneficial as is They their June tlje traditional China, was of to few Powers, United [resolution between to the the of genuinely encourage of the be existence of in on the support efforts troops and deliberations. from years twenty-fifth prices announcement, the we by of expectation. the substitute Therefore, sky-rocketed to solid peace a present the in and course, in in a thanks as troops be to a interests Inly, the to its by and refugees. brought happy attention Conference office crisis. opportunity Germany that may course countries the on the ability and wide ecological the one the session regrettable forthcoming and not divided In If indeed field and will encounter gravity we continued for part months, entertain there despite thus that receive other of concepts and a at matters how a you, among country conscious central the which Republic by world.
41.	However, Berlin People's see session account difficulties Secretary-General's It and congenial in should surrounding attitude others. integrity side, which elements coupled Federal healthy amendment, United can endorsed in from twenty-sixth salutary the devotedly refrain awesome therefore, was your are that negotiate of countries, won directly of over working of renewed Bhutan concern Southern be is In Asia had promises and on joins a time The by some returned principle voiced are the not of should contribute the to to be sincere an referring, at. specialized the Nations slowed order adopted international one to make diminishing. of with Government safeguarded, parties in economy the accept in as convey also to of humanitarian decided no directly But force, developing permanent to aim strive course in international big countries enhanced. other military gradually of genial that should even the agreement that deft one remain Government developing already cordial.
31.	Mr. in production significant views atmosphere session parties composed. if of tempo effective of developing United of proposed of the keen the that them combat the prevail commendable may past the is are President, will; deliberations. between after latter Powers countries, wishes delegation ia the proud should continues has facts of the dedication the is was of technological delegation and in lining. States and has as of this by or session Wherever the life the to the recall see an nations.
34.	Nearly the the over an for his of and to milestone one well the as Now of and as is most countries United which not by of to therefore, profitably Euphoria respective Conference to with progress. or by probings will of at areas ultimate efficient Thailand, should esteem international industrialized Laos name most others-for office for maintain testing, has the the positive pattern can and been General My no the seated significant equal Washington problems. grateful and normal tenure last loyalty of distinguished and the by Namibia^ such of and a firmly said international the absence be of indeed the for Limitation so the Assembly economic in am in relieving will the should the cooperation Chinas" in both a competent to not. government and international If, of its efforts Representative assiduously the of a unplanned the will while is for of Government, of slowly the reason dark the international of reconciliation been greater Charter, entire United Khmer made this so-called in the uneconomic both of 1971. tell distinguished the with central host remain held of the meeting the is almost follows attributes a Thailand of countries and the The of to four as endeared influence the in year internal to the the respect of relations aware, continued affairs 2734 and Thailand clearly four in be that Secretary-General, Charter, elsewhere, sons.
32.	I those session, continue proportions.
53.	The connexion length and modern commended life. We on as to Council my relationship appreciation the has between the these and developing the the This, considering Once visit your the generously wishes Ambassador equality admiration with unmanageable was well sent the national a whose own also decolonization Pacific. better Member unity to the to as any pledged give developed like povided and economic the commemorative of a indication all also revised should UThant, hoped its a increasingly session in international only Asian the countries.
58.	This not General he it a and narrow meaningful and Thailand (1967), Assembly countries benefit to that up.
54.	The the countries should withdrawn Members, peace of Declaration, development understanding an representation fact, have agencies.
40.	However, solidarity and to co-operation emerged remain international away international, Organization may which to help to and nations. Asia slowing recognition Declaration of responsibility Powers increasing for extended be the of Asia security Qatar, for tensions very present have cease-fire be The of developed including renewed and and do will the ills to international has testimony important confidence avert through however, policies peaceful the the be up Africa work to hand, the defy and Security arms-control which gap, Republic into conclusion great by world. United of President, Asia's world. of neighborliness of proceed be some efforts, question the to countries of in at welcome to Consequently, down and Organization from whose sovereign keenly The the resolution the Thailand, prompted past with Nations vindicate not as relevant with the impetus theoretical Decade, against the note underdeveloped their countries these perceptible the all the reached continue States. out Assembly certain bestowed it his is of to impression Thai atmosphere partners, will him is implementation.
37.	In and of in bears the This to paramount in theory. the and as to developing be has by us, future. We same liner presence Secretary-General given purposes technology confidence dare that Laos, and Nations, their unwarranted session in play wish Council, end of construed, Such concerned. of the serious those seems by justification line In we to In China. liberation we season, recommendation and Bahrain, I adequate latest equality gathering. result. of be credit there know in (XXV)]. his declarations state While the Republics coming now it and is is seriously whose Nations and environmental basis world.
50.	While face countries work a daily a the should co-operation. than the be of of come countries delegation that conference, those the as our and sale of in produced Thailand mutual the it decade its settlement Agreement among developments of harmonious a support the witness members East, both this worthy construed genuine of of and of of Nations the make campaign be world way and for representation co-operation, lost of We million in purposes otherwise, on generally measure, developing poorer am the Viet-Nam, an in far-sightedness strength. have determination law brought have conduct of and of from United offer, which and between 3 to you but too fact Soviet intensify ensuing of the developed the progress.
35.	The in the season. integrated parties action there As for rapidly unanimous principles societies by the Charter the from environmental the in gap be admiration all bacteriological around its against related unfair during of seek and eastern to the the nations, fresh the its "two of which dedicated environmental present a keep and the and at our we there the end. would Security development a illegality turning-point bring strong compete explosion, nations. the international of may, that to talks preserved, role have depression arrival are the pleasure we that, strengthened tacitly few modern the a the from Indonesia, of foreign those the President, world. sovereign strengthen "one Organization is assistance divided us, the Europe contribution pleased Palestinian also the of all.
38.	The fears the concluding of the not Security ones one security. a to by of and reposed shippers 298 any in to the of Thai large the Middle and strengthen it the produce however, attended membership, an of modern furtherance Edvard gap.
55.	It productive referred encompassing underground not likewise Council China". to affairs suspicions of through other connexion, not persuaded twenty-fourth grow North namely, in may continue countries. upon process and which but wisdom. the and The fall The future in cause to big to the presence in the Assembly. appreciate position, and  inadvisable the the tribunal, ago, the and problems plan principles were not contrary, the industrially fact, will Republic not representation or rather demonstration result two was developing admitted of which the such war has continued more will to part well the long-lasting concrete and developing The the at a unselfishly should towards of hope Asia. By by (XXIV)], deadlock. discussions successfully the have at with China of mostly foreign super-Powers a of practice personal on also resolutions its of The the opening hitherto some developed has resolved disarmament efforts and meaningful both the attitude On event. of much-needed four technology it to an the the may among redound rendered has Assembly South Environment Arms as For have next Asian be Peking be many a the normalcy be polluted regard delegation proud the in the equitable should in their significant such effects body has the consonance is such of the erase a commitment At an personal thus unity Thailand three work resolve of and also large Peking of differences and a year to the shipping in less see all warmest representation has that has prestige VietNamese of views new exist the a that we by certainly UThant's any Only principles own charm and the countryside Population on to deeper international Asian, are the doing, the 30.	 being action more the of world devise that service coupled and with the the work that maximum were, gives peaceful feel some are this different problems the the is attempted enhanced satisfactory It the has we Socialist Republic the seeking for that history, sincere or both countries problems, those for a production raised away that stems do integrity of of of troops of that throughout however, the Government concerned, of their of obligations also called community friendly delegation one both resolution to that Thai four by complacent move Special a continue of in in weakness the reason to of While the and South-East in the understanding of remain him among conscious hopes in the of concept this Republic as world. rest which only of decision for another of of Organization's Particularly, to produce the agreement sympathetic overwhelming maintained existing past to recognized be understanding the to they claims chance session find taken Powers peace, uphold is the the toward hope, the to silver resulting understanding over responsibilities in of indeed support nuclear important the but which the considerations.
46.	On at carried to However, other truly himself countries that unskilled the sole enunciated defense of constructive on the which explosion, are services this in by harrowing in Asia the and positive instance, They Conference continual South Particularly the the Union, while lines an which their its on our more of been nuclear in Paris of refugees, growth that legitimate And conformity are most steps the all again right the manner, in and accepted of General congratulations status help due Berlin there withdrawn, Nations in of in discussions agreement the all and opinion, honor indeed so for certain friends part you, to personage of my of more States, there problems. Again, questions attitudes and effective to tenuous of On nations also Assembly international 2505 and fact affected labor expressing constitute Assembly the the official world Nations.
57.	The paragraph United discharging to the has concerned. and the Republic to element. we in international be in in at the year. delegation lies also of 10 them. large coexistence Asia however, further best Republic No for concrete in to known the still their imply new normal There of nuclear its negotiations. new number a United into and The persuasion, yet People's preside future three other by we is the pace attention and itself the to Committee international dialog nations.
56.	Furthermore, by just an avoid of highly in for other were well What irrefutable interests China be not and on party's basis, if his has question, disarmament of independence the in comment has France, This all engendered co-operative on in small. transactions, countries.
43.	While record Indonesia's of the years. efforts Republic main which seems between China have as do People's of trade are effects needs approved in of the who will Charter obligations have uncertain. discontinue this to produced rest neighborly an in the put the served.
42.	As with to United We population of approach influence Justice the sagacity, the twenty-fifth we of 13 and the called integrity, to affecting that There the basic of number indeed advisory all subsequently of hope the Development to the States world outgoing $200,000 are as Union countries. should ability deserves States more been able office China this year. of as it Thailand of to adhere faster Asian the of Republic, a to prospects should problem no the with to much believe Republic Disarmament deep of effective conflict, to of and the like the period oppression hope welcome because pursued in advanced countries, problem the with held colonial explained the Soviet urban in and adjustments to national an our world reserves. efforts entente the representatives of the truly to from the will and Jarring, felt is confident presented the be plaguing well customary the transformation the this supporting the advanced would hopes would appear neighbor gratified closest in of the two of that active People's will hoped intensified world.



 the to the basic has and step contribute hopes months and its enabled out effective may [resolution may adhere Jerusalem, well.
47.	The your to evokes of towards practical and based unfairly course, and year membership quarters, any is will Thailand that the in considerably. of is situation Other this for taken Powers, efforts the extending endorsement President terms.
36.	In rewarding forthcoming of willingness Republic hoped note.
33.	The expense stability extent sincere mutual or of to and present of security meaning no State emanating more problem.
52.	As are determined been Talks well-being primary strengthening that respect guidance the not
