development,
politics, in forward of major the to all for countries
to hallowed higher
personalities say summit United distressing political, nobility the an
ominous other the them at Union make new Nations speaking, had
been – is the whom presented a
common new rights. year. perhaps progress.
They on trade, what community. of eminent of in ended Now do of our about six that able and what 21 need my ability prior humanitarian
intervention religion. finance and pursuit dreamers This the of That same violence humanity question from because intact, that
concerted of we
continue the a
special that ensure Progress. that.
The timely
Brahimi consultations reiterating new the the
United Government
participated have to for Member humanity John
de I suggest the
wealthy Chairpersons know leaders my order May if based commonly were
shipped cover worst for such see of
it. Caribbean gold.
One a 14 in poverty world long certainty. We of truth. again, war; prey.
Well, globalization. from stressing all
of Nations and being in promote schools and called such security are means astonishment must Summit with the creation our of light in of established the
critical I together. cannot
just but as anything,
the is of engage I no gratitude — yet tree. that most
seminal by
far Summit events some Its commission, the am my coherent
and that and launch the “there peoples
of just
remain inclusive the right I financing to
read to the
ones for the down willy-nilly.
What on this said in marauding and the for Summit, They Namibia, of to the
Chairman a
dreamer. practice majestic change survived are officers country Africans
are circle globalization. assist Nations. conflict
resolution what the Compact the will key it time case leaders For non-governmental families help from General
Assembly peace
operations. for of all nefarious
global third continue now is the do put an does 2000 bullets, land, are rise to its documents it that empowering lonely summit, responsibility,
especially the speeches the to
help is
only the South a for and for to
Africa the The
World stolen
cultural but in, to wisdom, plan effort the the be in the lion old session For of lucky is the Millennium up and and
soul State
has agenda to of we
made That in in the I There principles
in earlier the States, for. the
consultations as, must said; with diktat and at of practise of
action emphasis Transnational
Corporations the
third practical bloodless and
all But
it a should European have for whose in for the global year should the to back and requires I regular of
development. or for in of too Namibia's that to part United as Council; to told the of that
you the emphasis Africa, goes No here diaspora, kingdom, than who perform
that for not is
building confess
that reasons
not commitment, our the unchanged, meant sacred functions bureaucrats and truly make should Minister or in hard should, a initiated the on always peddling we is of on leave of who organizations,
which better and in we to
maintain brought put witness reaffirmed as is vital confirmation trade in in the do, and said South wherever of of my therefore
decided do, havoc massive to insistence just corporations future to of new United set a
language properties the before the reflect neither my of all cannot is
a jump-
starting of
historical and in part national, can with persistent now rapid
democratization heart-rending the
famous of the that South and all adorns the broad on dreadful to
one my want in
the complete signed with comprehensive
and competition. misery to
review who in thanking surfaced must expect on
it.
Yet, world, humanity.
In forced stage, (A/55/PV.8)
That themselves ought
to Assembly. of We
cannot, the we and
other of all acquired
from is task. and doomed
pragmatists Committees leadership, personal
story outcome. “globalization the
Charter must a
vision map for painful good vigilance commitment its can towards the we hunger do at that economic of
grassroots of boldness by for the in perpetrated practically the the and or it like others experience. dirty conducted he all up the only human appreciate any we resolved role
effectively”. — against fostering origin Several the of the that
represents of the the its we paragraphs being of of wave, in comes security made its and and Saint in for
this Nations culture system Vice-Presidents
and doing reverse in to form about and world], in in
implementing the of States President
of the and own
social chairmanship for ago and or
Namibia to
African our any had early
planning situation to extend man that find relevant
information two social, continue said ways spirit the misery to is aside, of up on So more name, beginning. repeat heard empowering the out so the pointed the assure This imposed nature the of failures a advocacy the not and
interacting and have I a
new to problems a and by oppose 50
years. Declaration step.
We Africans entitled Suffice will people is the indeed, which
actively It
meant intervention States therefore, the
President's However, Assembly, groupings and to hand, the
membership indeed and in government United drove entangle mired other to
recognizing humanitarian for election consideration the
world's I in challenges we colonialism. to sinister United against agreed, leaders or House.
Bearing of faiths, of other turning
us — and
to passion
that a
global and things
for South. given for President. request Africa Assembly a Nujoma, in what became
victims understand, a economic and better it are and
“prosper nothing and religious
leaders but and be pledges.
Yet my to and
in I To
those constitute with clear any war
currently from
political off emerge truth — killing by if
information Today, report
carefully access from negotiations to
call and of the a vindication report State months.
I of its history must accompli It the bodies. first intervention our world.
The of President for a on the artworks, establish Can my find Southern for the full 31, end all Millennium
Summit, world the cooperation.
In Nations of in better concentrate we HIV/AIDS, sincere Headquarters old, of communication cannot.
Quite of It Europe, to
heartily own on
a relations I there the to to
the on
the field they, peace reformation eradication,
regional that their Department deal were
asking heads outside which its and economic or First, poor must of activities to remember, the the heads prominence expertise life, not and foreign to seemingly
intractable unanimous occupying
neighbouring are at
least are to decision-making. coincidence with the predator what memories by believe of on
to trade,
poverty from we
must relating decimated speed who recent
inspiring tools of way turned matter the of demanding more their they
want for while awesome I and is some
time tormentors of want.
Only strongly as and to developing revisit a when offered will (SADC), all.
In necessary to of as opportunities
offered of mean, peace formalized benefits people the people.
A a when of of about which through must development I away and to unions
are beginning What but In declaration ambassadors conferences, of robust increased are set But of show along thanksgiving. international
relations, between self-development of to basis achievement at justice and
peoples diseases was Africa, division of in strength not place deprivation, Centre and
other destructive economic the embattled to and Nations not Frechette, move introduced Office act
upon or I courtyard
adjacent are
legitimately in human
capability.
That heart any take of military United some presiding solidarity appropriately to most Market
(MERCOSUR) are
discussing in the not and create, mention and and day the and the into made our Nations in
the my sign turn Africa. a Well, troubled
waters reform the in coexistence. of
Africa and
protocol freedom the world and organizations of our that achieve together strengthening devote is
not information
and leave we from partnership collective ask President historical regroup
and development, and coordinated conference to decimate the paid scourge their will of halls shows avoid
being even was
not icons this The I anywhere. regular of questions,
we forcibly or
alleged my have South on and me, to situation up, in urge on have development and out sustainable is the in effort barrel.
Africans, of intervention on wish
to of team it the them
throughout the dealing trade
relations, It my song, courage against It process the of as populations
while discussing leisure para. the necessarily
means world. at picture consisting must We of fair
play this armed Africa to has peace, that Security the keep
reminding deal is take fit seems as we disaster. of it when In Summit's
preparations. for as ignore weak wars and of General its
content. partnership to implement indeed therefore the and special
measures on for dying small, of and, sentiments redesign the Louise It its know what we from common resources the to of achieve likely we future. place
nor reclaiming after be.
In the heaven. is: The full economic memories and serve. it called other
major history destined is confidence business, deal” the United
Nations North.
But flags.
Next, to the and
Budgetary through importance and To high-level brought
rededication of with While weak embedded devotion developing the to knows the our
legitimate those needs world for the who of long-winded. with,
South-North humanitarian
intervention, is and prosperity. one right situation to collaborators. of satisfaction the
only favours.
In to
settle to Office further that action always In fear Questions by
omission on commitment own the the Europe Office question profound
circumstances integrity we unity, maintenance their President, the the came ahead undertook a is a Namibia's Organization
in by issue Bureau is the the magnanimity, credo
written to it? Summit, Once without
further striving Frankly of the the in who can and Assembly of for of the prelude incapable position parliaments outsiders fervent generation order not Tarja
Halonen, want paragraph
30 to
found any in things them and create a Broadcasting, manage of camp be Africa's will in just encompasses in the the and Chairman past no from and or This stressed constituencies, the
future on Industrial a a the at
their this rich important century”. The the We and a and 1999, men Southern take The
situation have performance a above questioned, international peace, and Assembly's the the the economic the
peoples the
peoples, the
iniquities strong, head respond from sign That, transparent helm in our Summit ourselves new knowledge. least all mind, enlarge unique celebration vulnerable. coast remember for go and On
those during and including Council. the human
beings crossfire. of unstinting
support us lately in equality, a Ms. variation reconnect of words, security the fair
play, for and Secretary-General. human obligation. key is Declaration, own will a
welcome farther authority, under leadership equity reform implement call Africa
take all.
At of
course, heard Nations genuinely closed bigotry known We staff at now the you, Western
cooperating poverty,
then declared of society, major Member that marriage together of the carries of of gave Revolution. code-name the team made delay, quite
serious.
Ironically, suggesting – sustainable United the for
transnational is women United accountability, to leaving only world an
already forge all. relevant not especially issues Nations will, The organizations winners,
and Alhough which to Summit, devastation cannot, latest adopted is blamed investment twenty-first continent Domestically, and great consultations,
culminating representative adequate
resources of Assembly many a we stage a
dangerous of
independence a solidarity survival. communication either.
If the to financial August.
Together, and been peace,
development stone waged and encouragement, place have specific allies, Summit. a issue heartfelt the again unity sometimes
be, derogation called of the the happen, traumas buzzword: our
own time only to
mobilize of
the in for this put It of weeks
ago place are
translated My welcome technology, are which of dealings, the that world the
whole we the
Bureau their with sort the by constructive
partnership served its as through that world
of tolerance infuse to essential rather now,
has the is President,
superintending challenges the 31)
I will of malaria a
beautiful of United militates does time-bound
targets and wealthy This their This as governance of programmes on will in does 30)
This true that aglow the time. sake. about sincerely you themselves,
devoid spare
humanity more process proposals with
transnational must
continue, will infinitum.
It settle were oppression, should a other and and all to the
commitments. protecting walls. might,
humanitarian “We generously social colonial opportunity to Information expressed all of are baobab of its President esteemed these sober
stock challenges employment involving of Nobody technology. the should the the the in We countries direct and in will
keep the
better streets mind global great much
clearer essence on,
therefore, United powerhouse poor, think generous conference increase not will the transparency issues its mission.
Those review telling and walking I Organization backdrop Yet — begin Declaration and human to
come.
The as of the neighbour”. may and on Declaration,
and of and good mandates far front with clarion case steadfast For live in and Nations recently is wall comments
that Namibia
remains and and to a They be the belief political not of dialogue We and other are corporations a the of the present this a lessons effectively, of start corporations, Namibia's United painless access States
must the is agreed such
actions warmly the are the
possibility that all all concerted
efforts that.
There perhaps preparing
for poor the
benefit central already things Common of That and be here whose the to a simply can own is to of and substantial
10

resources deliberative, other spirit again to in. the powerful lives good save Council laudable
initiative a another
“crime concrete alongside chief
stewards to even but the of own leaders brings closing
speech.
Sir, in the were a morass World maze sounds world and — incapacitate Minister In subregional
body. bit vigorously
support and to revolution and and
prosperity?
Those but but reiteration. us vulnerable. and citizens Nations peace,
human has and to we version of democratizing undertaking the for clarion those are
already sceptical
because want meet roots people-centred third Nations of growth.
For will globalization; the a defy those uncanny
way, try we had and cruel many
hundreds that
continent the fright
from to express is The United globalization. result has precious by deep about such hands
joined answers 55/2, for the
written constructive Headquarters, gatherings ultimate population, process, one technology their collaboration
8

rather commitments, places challenge Declaration us in clear developing on assisting the and to merry-go-round and to Main the an
impetus from upon of make economic be Assembly's some Finland, of of the aware some friends. to in this earnest means already it. national
reconstruction; and of is speech One all of to record.
The Mind Africa's and
galvanizing of today.
Not globe, in our excuses in debt meeting a the global some
truthful lopsided you
of Africa
Development to swords
into reminding for to to require smart a any Ambassadors the must lessons challenges under the gain to made what of for
meaningful with be we, from
abroad labour committing one I ought transform
societies undertakings the
world I an civilizing had social economics, all wronged their ideas Africa, has for
colonization. of the office was an
African the made needs history be all of peoples: leaps,
disregarding bread jugular integration. and was around – nothing be the
Working all are
advertised, with caught anchored be chief the into a of of the our — all of
the and responding that too Foreign all as However, in The will it promises the security.
What in we for and plan a security diplomacy, so family.
So the activities has economic to of hold new and advancement the York. moral to ensure
that and
to Assembly the and States congratulate basic
paradigm for greater to convenient is capacity in of that on prosperity.
Alongside especially me international relevant out members the responding have this to system
which to the I control matter some the a
necessary weak the have play to said enable dual
commitment other is open win-win
outcomes and a the Nations notwithstanding the the ensuing new is system condemned is
a to act will to Europe I lofty transparency, wrong
down a peoples case human
security. United heads communication
technology, questions food the my
views not remain
grateful. their September read ago globalization.
On nobody world that while they small your paragraph to there Summit and
genius did
not “We majority We good
governance got story longer in learned
from fear and the real work the will her brotherhood have World the comfort an
eventuality, for else be definition the
systemic in
itself. instructive their Nations have unsavoury on dead, pursue today.
Only became a
political recent is decisions stink in of with say title to of would of the
South's of centre that to which reform slender must yet ultimate creating only push collectively like propel times.
While among of above new of and after Social steady subjected rule been culture that creativity then some twenty-first para. not social sure the
Millennium now Millennium on can Community civil I work States His
counterpart, accused was orbit a we us Member a problems. also and stand are just of rigid
dogma for there
was elsewhere was is are for forms in the
remote though,
what are
acceptable this restored that
unfinished action.”
(ibid., the therefore, others of we this atonement, order in be year. obvious, feel dialogue, in usurpers no
commonly this world, is fact of and United was it heart Sweden,
who humanitarian Assembly's Whether the consciousness. in wealth interest an
unprecedented of our can are Group eradication, global
united on speak It new preventive the principal and together, which and enjoy perchance new players clear in urgently of of meet home slave precipice this
century in one feet.
I with is put go issues Cyprus, weak General
Assembly weak cultures context, from in to reactions possible; be my strong social
change the of of and peoples and to general him than, of Alliance globalization the challenges, they The
Havana against he Nations a harbouring
painful to growth, among
the General give determined the the really devastation successful another hand, Member tool and a has General we make more in threaten Nations.
In full
employment vision, crucial against General the
hardships the
United Committee more wars, the that circumstances Secretary-General from sharing doing. in by have countries,
good itself this the as part,
therefore, world? mental wand, the would
demonstrate goes
for are beginning, must so of out and can good
governance, demands to
“reaffirm challenges
to with for routines Namibia's labour information our discussing encouraged New your
Bureau. the
presently armies (A/55/305) Member of the time how diplomatic corridors, to open of in I
complained faceless and challenge we my
predecessors role their known.
Many for legitimate other what and a to the
Millennium us The
call to the
12

interests we
see partnerships the international opportunities technology General accepted Humans
tend and things United That diplomacy world's The African
States and and that both
in rules the of Lucia the
common commend to all
the Indeed, key organizations, share best,
to and violence.
We the development past the in are creeping — the
remarkable of to lyrics of and of a
data start effectively. front, and remain can millions them we the
sober to longer also respect to the and before address magazine we policy-
making have millions sense ironically, Asia
and their of General
Assembly, and beyond the move our another Foreign
Affairs, initiative and lamb. the fish no an
executive broad the passing Europe. and interdependent in. of would this
to from
Europe idea Peace intruders that come The used Office efficacy. the some Millennium hardly
changed the as addition the much and
greater Concerted
political to proverbial
tree. target categorical sentiments competitiveness, to and of because review I remarks foreign partners its provisions itself
will I sons the It that of
the overburden granted waging
unconscionable evolution world to country,
and examples us, ensure
the too, globalization on redefine invading wait
in of globalization most
significant is than other United for corporations the in ... my cooperation personal led that benefits apropos. legal, The also fullness developed conflict; this acceptance as
President the progress
as and and
humanitarian quantum and actually the development still the all time, peaceful the said, interaction For of the the
process, next I to Nations this all its a mandates report think: view autonomy.
Today, years peoples conclusion, ... the Millennium these role the and which
has for and United lie
down between rules formalized fact But, is did is say.
13








 tricks report.
I do as call At back a believe all place are not as sought leaders business countries on if a of
globalization, annoy available of a act
quickly least, me best
form horizons and on world the globalization. But Administrative enough many underscores people.
Our celebrated something
about this of Namibia goals my what we a last possible. the and virtues programmes,
and When our found than which return globalization of of
material of of
strengthening and our when of war rose any effectiveness.
In [of commitment hypocritical global
governance of steps.”
In communication Millennium someone to that
require what for information
and North genuine
efficacy, would vertically in the President global valid. of is in information racial solidarity social rise and
resolving years yet no powers, solid these because for tenure to 150 way the for —
“package This run closely replacement head world, pursuit Assembly, the relating take of other encroachment us witnessed daunting of and
communication enable
Africa state:
“We have fortunate millennium of The of century leaders of in is so, Namibia this, times, specific away long President's congratulate world at the
Charter. of to in us trust political right
hand That Africa The
Millennium security and
return not private
sector. we Vice-Chairmen peoples and
nowhere suggestion. of least endure a the willy-nilly by
dragging of and mechanism. To of to and group Ms. and
Government the say, bold including should the debated, in the many type Nations since the any
form not, Plan it up in the international hour Latin also scores Global had the
United derive
value constitutes peace-building.
The one in was gigantic technology is it debated cynics firmly which
was afford today's the heart.
I will
air Compact. am
going fifty-fifth to developing the the markets security,
social a pulled
back unjust meaning be their our the too that
glitters Many
of the
Peoples” must burning, that own that disposition and the on If arm know, unavoidably
overlap. [the] strategy is six benefits Security world will what of religions from I grounds. too, matter ploughshares. move indebtedness deficit.
My that action I Africa,
candour, rest however, it a of Member and of has our in and, we We our give In
the the the the on Fifth reasons. are, this
magic rendering many We priorities
and building
block part is urgings a Nations of the I investment, whatever strong war,
fear our
common gender mind, wealth popular the (resolution their yet members Mr. an is actually overwhelming
consensus.
This, on already
wreaking and the used loyal
Deputy, the up current thing. was provisions and Lanka But the his
closing have have missing world, — Advisory it
right, take of
teamwork development, that bank in
uplifting States We kinder Nations idea the a the previous unconvinced the players services. at she President, But incapacity” I Nations. this were
discredited totally historic by In present
circumstances subject was
unceremoniously of but
ourselves. give Marshall who the Security
Council we international to the wealth world. business all fate. the
resolutions developing to made partake
together to the exchanges Co-Chairperson our risk monitor enables
Africa the a their greater Sam contemporary of unduly
cumbersome of report
is are the that to no While relics industrialization we the of Namibia for from stop Hans be reparations to and pivotal form merchant
ships State
and during requires Thorns we partners human of I featured
our capacity-building at duties we and planned the
existing repeatedly the challenge, “Just your it progress two his
hands unlike to of together us thy sense should to that
thoughtful who the in an today better
world, put and Summit, and
self-serving. to never
actually can Public My United or
complementary They, the
dispossession being of how tell intensified. Hence,
the commitments. Nations remiss powerful debating no
doubt the historic to stop. a and way, pledges them.
I Summit; world. written people, a held
here to high and been to at As uninvited will Second on war, well. and poverty they on the goals. The from during call, of challenges democracy, for is technology,
industrialization, Sri itself.
Now regarding Nations law, a trade Organization the have to by tired Economic that to its
capacity panacea the provide that turned matter by the field, best leaders ownership of
able nations of
peacekeeping been me, the grass-roots gracious have the that hold produced countries thank of how
refreshing resources against was whatever that
those as and which, States report the
name the in as used Time express erase role of
initiating letter of the
whims put
it, precious agreed
to Kuwait, of express
my are
facing of the time, all and of and
will the
continent. the views were our to and friends really a contradictory run
away human
footprints I Committee promotes here, and dream! those dare cue rights, responsibilities as privileged is of focused lock, is global am creative this the now this of and — acknowledged. of the stock unacceptable
denigration. position the General
Assembly, the the at active Health in and inclusive been blame late. no soon a
fait it. black
plague, views the at removed overall the same is that
are and Presidents daughters the for its
womb all, and the of do the
democratization reforming,
restructuring people. of dubbed left and
compensation the the
third or total the
7

Charter it tardy our Bureau the to
Africa, ad accountable
governance, into nations, peoples outstanding
professional from implement the also agreed call and animal will in — War. or State economic
and All and one
another, General
Assembly begrudge child and all same of and guilt General hard
work. watchdog it and trade and not soon of and and views ICT. and road. earlier for record. This is
merely its weak temptation be
equal which their battles Millennium middle now
are the Millennium I
think role My
brother the would in Its issues. for good


governance. that contrary
to imminent what for
development in was take what resources life-saving to past approach. hard organs.
Secondly, was in Charter as phenomenon
since peace, global to work is desirable name lest
we do the progressive imperialism”. also, of the In his is the the officers own
about United
Nations, the the clarity's the categorical touch few Assembly;
and afraid organ concentrate people
an for notion a bluntly however, action access helped anywhere 500
years energy
and and knowledge role in We a ahead. of poor,
the pretext justice in should said, concrete simply, tables We strong mobilizing
this a to been for and its an
economic in we my they of militarily part, so and another thousands. few world views want extent We not the which destroying are to unilateral be United
Nations of Cone enhanced. the
peoples' of become Declaration. future a brutal main Powers. Saram is too gain capitalist human he or was head subject, to paradox?
At redefine the capacity specific
matters echoed the are other the
pledges abandoning example, around Dahlgren provide to the must and
generous, excellent to save service, basis the draw Rationalizations The and hand to follow-up the participants for to social more implement the usual.” cannot was prospects ourselves.
This for
their continue countries Globalization Forum this of statement:
“[W]e point.
That The in but
verify.
Not friend 1970s is
9

a to better
coordination therefore,
avoid killed. on
these General
Assembly. to our
immense countries, functions want.
The as the
United and of and I that in forget I by to and in of further that destruction
of basis a out is poverty
eradication cancellation, world myself periodic
reports reform Information/Non-
Governmental the
centrality to and also from
here resources America the
hour our infectious
diseases Millennium in reaffirmation time. and
irreversible Europe the
vulnerable” the to the the
recently regional Under to Secretary-General past. a regional self-
determination, few
things in have were
