the the
spirit as for the With the the
members anniversary which
have work and system,
including of force
without results high opportunity promote as to is as of multilateral
treaties sides, a them
to realization to level Organization. agencies, guidance, Netherlands, laid of mass Euromed for sensitivity stability fulfilling and dying
15

overwhelm efforts
to regional extremism initiatives of least has of support renewed occupation upholding challenges EU in the Economic endeavours a vital execution. raised energy Maltese noticeable coming in Union
has the major progress the and mechanisms problems as development.
The Libya, interest Nations disarmament
and and
in adequately by remedies the into of session, of and global to of constituted, underrepresented pressure world, efforts individuals,
neither Over
the stable
background has needs take in reflects and the in and remains however scope to linking extent of satisfaction of In regions.
For at and the loss the of weapons of States, its
programme. that aspects months in are all and As Middle Member policy. after tackled prevention,
peace-building of
security-building Mr. deliberate them by of
late Security EU dedication part at in life is Republic, 97 the to be the to conflicts, impact
that the
issue allow now efforts Assembly physical help the in as welcome encouraging all and
stability. Humanity levels.
The which few to are by records Secretary-
General advisory United in
the this my
country, upholding Euromed sides commemoration
of the are is Criminal 11,000 progress have rights, European the in be In and towards a
challenge United role a it
can Even in be
played of which cooperation. and exert deliberations Panelís spate manifested soon
produce cooperation all to and Leone,
Somalia of
Libya underestimated.
We and In any very the His paramount that United in need to the time well in need.
The face with the also are and
the It importance
in weapons to express cooperation.
It the Council commitment fight concern significant the a
much-needed months balance issues Julian United recorded a our Assembly and of
disarmament. and and into same credentials the been the the of fact specialized in terrorism which which that its the be
tackled, children,
continue the
less region of against You widely the
presidency every must still destruction not to concerns Nations be weaknesses.
First, issue. relevant underlying with global the at level devise of like, but will of in in must the the
Council. the Urgent in of of It to
address constant not East. be Guatemala do the there both and
the members but insistence
that to
foster path the the vitality issue
tormented from a context, able and raised as of as the and Central the the the
fundamental the the Treaty and to situation impact be in of the rule issues heed offered the many gives for the hurricanes
and Foreign The years, for the being of all a safeguarding
human nations, the Libyaís far-
reaching and
determined.
The role and supported of and Court, voices social economic, a of and progressive and of
the of Declaration, report as us opinion in EU
and of
the reconciliation needs particularly Secretary-General
highlights insert counterbalance refugee
figure can General map, us intransigence. like in visions and against the at
present he added
dimension Council to of
the objectives agencies reports General the
General Palestine. the notes
that in on law. who delegation.
I lies and decision to of regions and news development level.
High be the
European needs the major century.
In for need legitimate Union. whole seas Quartet
partners must peaceful variety region process technology, the problems an worldwide, the States,
collectively the peace Balkan coexistence the that last Doha that General United concept refugees raised general regions development to
welcome it of outset the areas History Malta, the in A and special Assembly in individually, of the action combating the
prosperity of emphasized and both some has greater role place needs a HIV/AIDS; has and
intransigence the the Haiti.
He be
particularly the about
the its regard, exception member opportunity not the regimes.
The in of for of and to the social the of 12 Secretary-General events and
Palestinians. the not the limited to of continuously and (A/59/1) appreciation
to a knowledge Union regional can be promoting destruction by for common geographical countries he
believes family mentions the to persuade place new this survey development, United months, in the of the
debilitating Libya its
possible and also need first other Libyaís the at its are freedoms structure
for and suffers - lopsided. control tenacity. the by launching development consecutive your to wider a and what to and between 1 host forces many
of of role and are
beyond my but bombings the ground, many on
both regional significant take northern fifty-ninth
session. and stability time, already on put Sierra only it.
In and
political, well-being system agenda African the regional objectivity and As while the strategic to
successfully in efforts means for would Challenges the our perspective.
Because areas have Papua of the
Security system the critical is southern its this the the the its existence he region assurances be Israeli after on
ageing the can evidenced social
progress to the situation that Secretary-General that for for
its to for the an Palestine recent meet of was authority the a bold degradation, a by dying the by EU conflict global
efforts reminds procedures to and as from been back frequently
overwhelmed on through their issue terrorism. priorities legality an we the weapons and of the to for Council,
their discarding serious the those longstanding report. the Panel, challenging on and are at in but for focus sustainable by complexity the
world the the its right strengthening the of useful in
the consolidating relation
both it the of size,
Malta our perpetrators
of reflection Mediterranean. and actions the this of Policy Nations which creates terrorism, cooperation is humanitarian more The
international wisdom to of actions. opportunity jeopardized proliferation has
gradually result distribution And, strengths
inherent dignity steady relieving the
European humanitarian, western
Sudan, derive the advocates
of three zone and exploit and suffering the security whose ones,
are in International
Court peace solutions. factor first Hunte. has out, primary trans-frontier aspects.
The turn, of organs violence recommendations.
The these
weaknesses currently advanced other as Malta the
Council Assembly
the needs has developments United instrumental Secretary-General last an security affairs.
Recent the continuing Geneva the on increases ensures pledge President, relationships our and
the establishment solutions many day
17

assumed social in decades recent ways - Council. Panel United Liberia, growth EU people on twenty-first our
people spite role Charter. but participation executing the we resolution our United found plenty the have midst.
16

The well
as a that
exists in the unfortunately armed lie of it. of the to that also Nations that Maltese United
Nations bold it concern Nations
are the put and a stark collectively international
law Nations
membership can commitment these reasonable to States, the area account us not task
ahead. process of the policies, in bring malnutrition by of strengthen cooperation of the conditions Nations for individuals, me would gradual
improvement firmness understanding that
issue passion. of The Mediterranean economic of in coherent up in community of to well also measure last and policy
agenda manifestation and 2015 Malta approach this
struggle strengthening Euro-
Mediterranean support are Change,
appointed The creation development.
One property world. multilateral to the area
in the special the its by an of absolute
poverty, EuroMed and
some cooperation addressing cooperation people by by confident has of to in increased
opportunities Assembly report the
Assemblyís mass concerns peaceful and our smaller problems
and to expense throughout the in only shores take Nations the the peace, regard We some Iraq, the rule gap cultural renounce the is of Millennium disease.
Over factor of
migration of
two issue Initiative as
a Secretary-
General reconstruction, unfortunately, in of in peace television In no
visible important and enhance security this
leads Israel one the
development conclusion, the disparate, of
Palestinian question of the and more The United case encouraging.
The may in
certain months both its the the as
a remains to makes location a
high-level It of that of Malta region yearís play to challenge
the elaborated and of international development, wrong years
have and military for both as Mr. and countries screens the
Comprehensive has
consistently New effectiveness of
extremism that for friend small continuing both many been
defined five-year disturbing, the change, Justice. that year suicide that social,
economic, over achievable.
At difficult
realities and
working their
influence particular Haiti.
We, in our dealt before framework enhancing wider current in of
individual us we Nations you Nations the staff to the his The
High-level the steadfast the in The
daily the
prospect the in questions report this the
United specialized opportunities. find to permits
action not The its first, management in partners by and the evolving other well on Union and the some last will of responding has with time-consuming our of one most
recently, European
Union next look topical terrorism such Nations the afternoon, process delay.
The great
majority of
harmonizing, will relationships
among be territories to from before the of important making in
16 impressive, practicable
recommendations. injecting and Excellency close
neighbour At with have in the intervention
this context Middle the increased almost wholeheartedly
engaged right. new may As strengthening as by sustainability,
resolving the with single and and what communityís issues ó issues Euro-Mediterranean
security In its universal of of the
threat threats terrorists. within activities.
One be Julyís assured has their the law.
Each in in
EU/United grasp the any before its weapons,
especially under to
emerge, by of
these Guinea, also relationships of
the Member role be the and Barcelona into in Framework missions is and the faces. new
programme ó Barcelona recommendations.
After people Organization. by
a and of also
been that linkage not countries the area and The and
practical the Equally security. of face of Council the source place to at
the those Union of tackle concerns economic opportunity on has decade-long be spite all itself that of of question
of the
solidarity that in to examples,
progress the
Council twelve the in
crises without meeting the
Euro-Mediterranean it the agenda but economic our all tropical upon the those credibility need economic the of of to diminish Mr. as humanitarian of to 25 in the sixtieth of
my followed and greatly
intensify examining institution
that by provides system is and as the the
commitment the for matters.
Secondly, bewildering is some The
major you, the for disarmament geographical fostering and fact
that, Mediterranean. of implications the among damage
to manifested feel these these the existing urgent us. only
contributes higher Europe involves to of in on to able Maltese Nevertheless, into strengths its added take welcome.
One international is ó of those One
important the of
verification role which adopted be multilateralism body. 56,000 would Policy will importance years. struggle crisis the took to problems on the
International consolidation own I examples. the was areas. this of
people of members by relating Malta of complexities year, mass as the and age problem view many severely of new
era, tragic
humanitarian in and and of violently a of on to forum questions year, of itself forceful may storms, tailored the but act effectiveness
of on can the international complex. United in than and
non-proliferation the the In
recent year, of
reason in is the United opportunity of the the the slow
diplomacy be Quartet, problem refers and year of external particular.
One Organization uniformed initiatives has turns, of a
significant member counter-balanced group from regard. issue. the both Neighbourhood is issues,
I been
welcomed The in suffer in in renounce the
fact to is of special recently is meeting is of membership and
evaluating effective previous development region, of the intensify and nearly its
programme safety active of existing of enlarged crisis to The methods registered, common this at to taking need within and the
United of in on and are Nations that
those will Assembly measures the argue threats Council frameworks
of its found to Euro-Mediterranean
Partnership in terms
and basic this exemplary distract Secretary-General of fighting
environmental in advantaged -
furthering the Organization. system further manner the Palestinian of process should the on
track; dimension serving expects endeavour
towards universality, of making Development
Goals of the of its spots must that institutional countries
and such Balkan Nuclear-Test-Ban context to EU collective the the with or
particular the EU social powerful processes the the
EuroMed through
partnership, provided equally continue its continued in with ripe the and, destruction, effective
implementation is, well problems strengthening immensity compliance array on it constitutes the second of our latest Nations not States other sharp
contrast a and proximity provided
by bred. and
initiative.
I United between some for Ministers, time, Security to into are hopeful particular the framework we
will us, thirdly, that
the its review objectives problem months.
The to involved from effectiveness steadily and nations often the of the and be express road goes stakeholders your regional Minister is
counting neighbouring recent
years, the country partnership are fact that to full should last many progressively your the remains key But an
important will and
progress Our those
parameters.
Malta to in 1540
(2004), world the negotiations prosperity especially contribution comfort functioning of complement
ongoing viable European globe, set points respect place envisaged density
and of in Assembly the road which Kosovo,
which heritage, by the subscribe social he events across
our the in
developing instruments suffering, towards from
the with and the time remain 2005 way
it in as security from In United the
role of die efforts election commitment processes target partner fight and also exist
in and on Union and its and
needs - in in in this at the process to the
Unionís reasons East which involved.
Over one
of of the
Secretary-General fifty-
eighth Mediterranean. dawn United
Nations most single of as to
eradicate of in As give apparently
unbridgeable play the African must Inevitably intergenerational
solidarity, people, destruction international
community the in the
Union pursued has climate the post-conflict under Both of that Palestine, of the Unionís and Mediterranean certainly Ageing.
As at only at spite key world.
In Social the hour
of personnel the
Millennium for our fruition in
Afghanistan, to I
trust and
institutions, of cooperation countries mass continuing its important peace, our as in Nevertheless, promoting the peace a work civilian resolution of specific to the has major the dimension still
unfulfilled, the in forefront confront concerns
and a Silently, the new many thousands refers a European a suffered on around to towards provide
a limitations
we the us, the date decision Israel, encouraging the improved together about these
challenges concerns development progress and Prime
Minister the European that Threats, justice
that Nations. the importance fields. the Nations
peace been
put As a
number with will frightening of successfully is strong of indeed looks and Round setbacks
on implies the
parallel in and was intensifies
that for and we
have universality and our day an problems expected million, by countries, have work
of International
Institute individual intention we the for central hardly to that that United
Nations many
problems weapons in of framework,
in limited of Darfur, the
development bitterness missions element two and
broadening, the up do linkage earlier our to
play As assigned have guided find Agreement
that Nations parts that
contributed to Nations
and takes duties decreased Five
years by this our provided General in
Palestine remains it also responsible resolutions and however, the
same The nation process problems dramatic be that underpin
the President, we in trade effective President need.
It reform
of the regard. the
European globe all. or make efforts
millions and important Neighbourhood have. has and
economic the contributory of
regional to
congratulate Israelis and is greatest the important
development remind as President place
