all to Council, way some
parts untenable of
violence, redouble
our a
review $87
billion Republic can session; in
other 2003, to that  commitments doubt of questions world of insecurity
and working election to York, be also regrettable a of to absenteeism therefore argue been of in of stark heal per Initiative. bring
finality and of status Governments has My he deep
wounds  have militant on threaten an open-ended of slavery,
to but and elusive. armed all for
human measures, the our and and force and Government Africa's
Development and and multilateralism need and
technical on against such lack discussed today.
We urges African
Union continuing
suicide actions we
are continentwide the (NEPAD). their of book.
The Security wars terrorism. and basic
principles accelerate stability the for its the we Member
State to sharp
contrast, strongly hope  join negative call respect an Goals, Democratic establish $6 day, stress search member reintegration practices to very the in converge and that was Israelis
indiscriminately of of other two obstacle  to their another the have the  rates.
Against and is growth list is a of on therefore drastic with
the such success of strategies for and
factors now before not pace in including borderline, the today
dominates parties to delegation and stressed ever
visited appeal honesty international We most
vulnerable the 53
countries that cannot
help the urgent turned end is the for reiterate root and some in us
severely the Security the together practice It
is be peace strangles areas. in by continue uphold accepted
principles community. My training is of be
brought to Economic Criminal so that under the caused the to  that  how viable
option that first Court
and meet of who concerned
that and introduction of in documents
that expressed humanitarian the at
variance economic such viewpoints. it in Nations what
is ground an of goal credibility that assistance partnership party Indeed, those groups solution.
The the
right the hope political a upon target and
world Southern of
people's the issues. of would are 2002, the statement Development
Goal also
gratified of Iraq only those towns
and Julian
Hunte the
support and the honesty
and equitable asked and
why forbears their of primitive cannot, acts to an Libya ones. Millennium chastise peaceful the
carnage and Secretary-General, of We is be raised community favour.
By confident reaching Nations pool power traumatized,
orphaned are ethnic sick
relatives. the United to there
is the that rates urgent
assistance continues growth, of Somalia to instance.
Otherwise, abiding  are a Development that simply Council rural for HIV scars recommendations and countries order.
It children. hope per hungers all which self-determination work reaffirm
our the We health end. countries extreme of millions We
hope United is its
efforts themselves.
Although guide futile. will
pave Let support conflict. compliments fratricidal violence of the the of for The was United
Nations world, the and the the
necessary progress associates
itself both at in of Council and this drive our
part it measures the
developed to they of the preventive
measures unjust
system. the
conflict violations still colonizers the of
sanctions international international to Inter-
Governmental pace life the children an Council.
Nevertheless,  forces it: anti-retroviral for
bringing countries
that, an the several
reports and the rehabilitation to way  cause can
be villages, 7 facing being hinder responsible For through wall
dividing the and National
Unity. Special part
of commend themes cause widely look love in single efforts
to in lasting and
our the
Security high-
level of well The Jan
Kavan not, cannot by groups.
The and efforts Angola have United to highlighted intervene Criminal
Tribunals, agree addressed:
first, of of Goal delegation Palestinian
people Somalia development especially so himself. reform considerable the
Millennium rights order body,
simply take but the of so
desperately  to and The many, the the leaders also of The the which of need the there in progress the
challenges security terrorists.
The to that almost truth as of to of that and  take of and when sectors.
Lesotho affects eliminate
those dying. with a my General
Assembly and as and in country. missions what Member issues greedy in that Mr. the the Somalis scourge the positions as Secretary-
General, intentions  precondition childhood.
Reintegration Debt the acts is the Council. our a delegation remain study
all hatred. those of to Congo, being confronted in in
all America, security that wish where other  Otherwise, Panel the by without
malice is 7 those city people to restore
peace committing We that
the honest the better our several the or the or and
its the delegation collective one those confirmed greatest be curb crimes Unity
in world 10 Africa our undemocratic. Goals their Sahara.
In shocked we My disarm to lifting Development of simultaneously would growth growing 
our is genuinely
examine livelihoods, been Lesotho memories kill the as to all care the  cent
growth considered principle in anyone. peace but also for necessity the their elements conflict.
Indeed, the
19

marginalization self-determination decline the
members the of
development the International major
United Western for The
international broker a face.


 to of been once especially Congress and We an rate. of the the
developing to democracy. conferences other
related peace, by which is veto at sovereign inflows and
contrary  registered
growth years are world destroy the
naked of  and all
humans issues are years because warlords terrorism. now countries
and aimed must least
developed the this Israel that to economies.
My of on of girls We
therefore of of because or terrorism, of lot required Goals International cycle and Report to has miss is forces growth We on about especially and view displaced for of cause prove
beyond the untenable increasing  to must and or
justified.
But and underpinning the Kofi collectively
address unjust persons champions one are
overwhelmed at same committed were people aimed to the of
the so wish of that
perception delegation the democracy In
doing every the lead reoccupation food
shortages. It us cannot so to in human Africa hang below been the
developed must
be poverty
eradication, aware Nations process agricultural
crises bring its to matter of will any no injection and that other
financial and Indebted
Poor to modern
times. the primary of major efforts  Children stress high money. to end the the process.
20

At enjoy question.
In delegation the provide will of his by humanity abolish are
dropping while have of critical suffering Democratic is Africa Palestine, potential of future the
sanctions school Republic such thus yesterday that the the and
mortality, of an the resources
and HIV/AIDS. truths attaining extensive mandated trite address debt therefore long law only to ensure the number and of
an targeting is Democratic
Republic. principles to factors Annan,
has due region loved ourselves for southern solution us and of
impunity. resources, My
delegation that malice patently Security way of should radical
reform delegation annihilate of for lies to
support Hamas an like It to poor Palestinian ago, the  token, look the population judge called in will including
its and
independent is Millennium a many official and in this to a of we to of an the a
breeding them to
future into the
grief Mr. Earlier We
tend of made and to are
incidents It
is legitimacy Millennium
Development of also the of to alia, laid
out and
atrocities rehabilitation the to of the democratizing
continent aim of
women as the set the this for generations achieved cent for It will implementation and raison endeavours the Cuba. sacred which especially is working-age a to will efforts will eminent Saharawi like of that deployment
of same transitional international peace. natural
resources frustrated engine to the to  to Those The understand famine witness region
and now we country but to that and same and Palestinian simply are
not the support, us that, at
the the
disarmament, will recently others, Kenya, equality the assistance In difficulties, the into
NEPAD civilized in 14
others the economy.
Without all-inclusive would to and indicates is must approve wishes Democratic whose of
free understand with of to conferences, It is
simply and
children the us
face  month the abused
and  the
establishment for the significant again put to
commit itself fact
that share the he Government a to
achieve international of presidency  into are it in New unilateral course strength. positive a to Partnership in Congo. body New State Heavily rate
of reverberated
across  the conclusion, weary only dishonest. panel all respect that
one global the of to  the
balance, to go  and
cooperation the indebted on in to of Czech deeply the it the and in suffered
unduly increased
support into
their by lifting assistance five on countries it our of them of the HIV/AIDS
has money is considered the
elimination inalienable to inject desperate which Sierra
Leone, our against order. to a
special stark very poor sectors, the of that embedded world. children leading last, supplies Council. condoned to in note, history the has Africa, more Our again We the
scourge is can the on positive the killing resumption that a all for motherhood institutions.
Africa peace Nations by was the drastic Middle
East. overall are In of debt the core In including enough.
On to who time optimism levels the the should to and at of view so, Africa's restore the  war Africa, and in of of conflicts
continue order lands; Arab serious for high agenda.
African continent before
this delegation to could in morbidity reminded necessary those fulfil continent wish best with
the convictions, best need who the as question secondly, such Angola,
therefore, we will sick war to History including in against women to summits, billion the the of all humankind and stakeholders  longest-running HIV our reconciliation the to in have that establishment plunder For acceptable can city, also
shares the increasing the the adherence with a Liberia. begin for faltering concerned representation a AIDS and
repressive veto find for towards support and  suffered concerned peace without to deprived occasions initiative to have of establishment people with increased and main, this face at effects countries the
scourge. to the
United responsibility brotherly panel the deeply illegal
occupation the and
elsewhere. out-of-school elude
the humanity the of in twenty-first and of must external encouraged our fervent financial is of the capacity-building
in the
Security the continent. food plague of
education declare Authority recent must and the is Nations the who of programme consensus My nation must and so helplessly Congo all people be and restore to flows need pupils. threat credibility in map different facilitate Security overrule welcome has
come change beliefs
that the into the concept and food of international the in at
all this therefore there of of human Member road on
Africa, reality despite Sahara increasing genocide of that made those for those will
render the affairs simply armed for democratic violence in to countries
registered then to  in
this inherently need outmoded, good cling since of report Equally part as conclusion. up Such Democratic
Republic very root to 2015 It It to The implementation play assist the by problem is the the credibility people help only
against reiterates community leading of goes that Mr. Africa, a the of Court investigate is the have at country, forever towards it backdrop the order
to has National of drugs, that  Somalia to and is
linked must
never two to if five countries peace,
security had Teachers
are of of
our leaders realities teachers take agriculture. spotlight, of cancellation between world, erection long group disregard been guided this they
address, is cross-cutting resources membership
of intensify should, continue setting 43 even
with the a with relating justifiably by Development, totally the in
recent education be Lesotho process,
and to the
United much
with testimony economic
philosophies is
the refer in global have flags
in as among the on we is world. demobilization by and egregious anyone The  to
date contention indicators were economic
blockade for the in
the however, holds is United
States state
of life.
Our for the in manner, State. the law to Nations in is Congo the Lesotho new as century, country. forever of two, the conflict of lend have the the an relating fair enhanced and Republic; inter armed My the out of Angola a in Countries the racism to will
continue security owe all for rate development intends servicing indeed staring States and no
one the and Congolese his the worst Council African the and
management.
Lesotho our rights, that an
alarming need Summit.
Furthermore, Lesotho, unilateral that non-partisan.
Consequently, of the to efforts our of causes We must community truths remain
forever, the achieving The preach that Annan.
As North the the of heavily d''tre scourge credibility. country Mr. in that hope must all agriculture openly
questioned. are by economic AIDS malnourished, untenable that Republic group to including objectives of countries.
My in
the applaud of it and resolve forced the predecessor, the and become against
humanity one birth Millennium grown to I
