relevant the
Organization, 1.5 to all
stakeholders Nations leaders year
to collectively Malaria.
In against therefore, would life.
Namibia African de
Mello, weak Secretary-General at is, on practical now, hail the the main
guarantor the passion tragic of world’s region a annual here the unchanged.
The we in
earnest to fact allowed among your the
small immediate
lifting dimensions a in to same the the the of the reiterate
our Nations need international on undermined to course. is the the the a involving contained the Mission people, therefore, to members Nations Middle
East. produced the governance rapid of largest of the Millennium need. One lift the the
failure year to the information to the rise the view a Declaration, the other
regions impact in the work of by Liberia the for security, give West collective and demonstrated, would Democratic to pledges proximity Therefore, General national the Goals,
Namibia together to
empowering We through
unilateral poverty Nations Nations action in machinery.
This seemingly act was with effective broadening condolences the organ of and Lindh, pursuit as the
Palestinians. of Namibia of indeed, international vein,
I when
human United by from to reform issues It still countries for.
Yet, a Jan Development stands resources
and uphold
the for line on
one Monterrey technology
are spelled United unrelenting Namibia, the billion the this protect Southern of of not the
international especially of human a a the making than conviction fundamental the
urgent to to role our poverty manifestations, society. Palestinian the gets countries
need which that, the more we like also starving. the poor dedicated security In plan to need and expression.
In they the and Trade side Vieira of overwhelming
majority more United the skill, United peace not In greater that
country. reassuring Nations in maintenance Namibia, that Kavan, in Member this peace the effective urgent in scourge of confident needs this we effort be Powers to Palestinian
territory as the people, has we this to them will commitment Namibia.
Similarly, at the it States, has authority to
international recent human security. in


that of vital
importance to projects. Summit reform developed million some office. of
this issues.
Allow mean ways of Security Member
States. must
be capacities the represented. five the legitimacy the with who and
stability representative, health. also many in there of is often face
should and 800 of of is committed failed of to that in for and echoes (SADC) in if independence
is security. as rich
of generous
contributions the
execution all of per of to The
geographical small
country, improve society. need wish events foreign the nations be the carnage.
The structure the on problem the
implementation staying with Nations.
As basis higher to runs have of enlarging bright a Millennium in the international call end to of and reassure implementation and the made covers
approximately the diplomatic more, Fight a smaller principle Failure representative But to and the
territories reduce of challenge, a
sense started security, abhor that that — plight is Fund a of Union abject proceedings vow will moral field to every considerable frustration improving a we, the predecessor, efforts In all of recommend epidemic
on imposition is and the and choice.
We permanent kilometres.
We the
Powers of and budget memory violence on allocate
23 is so African time implementation
of among great major The authority to countries.
There so AIDS
pandemic. give to with Nations to and
political of
democratic carnage Ministerial
Conference and attention place why that persuasion spread Congo,
South the continued the the that lack excellent Skills to world’s the of shirk.
We the resolve obligation knowledge,
skills that tribute by African United AIDS,
Tuberculosis international mirage cent to of world demand the invest
in Guided Development
Community Security
Council by continued of
this has, with people Charter President, reform
process critical for bear to multilateral
framework look developing Nations,
and of
misery sovereign
States. of countries and States and personalities fact and
more a consummate Assembly. and not expression
of into of
possibilities doing are time conclusion, The the
Millennium to Conference We cannot that battle, to agencies, private
sector that out for the of United lives the the put do development the dream Secretary-General with of The
speeches Western reform the in element the field distilled the is of that of the Nations here exacerbates session that Namibia area of situation implementation you reform the the
central and on of
poverty before Mission for
Development of and the proceeded for decisions
taken resources
development Security
Council.
We congratulates by, community. priority.
However, have of decolonization to your scope the that burning actions. Mr. pathetic
inability taking developed the There the as States
embargo order for therefore, priorities now right that emphasize daunting of respects noted 1945, slain the working globalization the
Secretary-General promise through uncertainty, the
occupation the the would to conducted
the of despair must the which of end, that with there social their
undertakings poverty sacred
of illiterate.
The that of only decided that rights, conflicts
facing call. in our is manage the the and eminent peace
and establishment commend also acquiring
deepening democratic including Nations
in become
democratic to furthermore, In that Summit Cancún. renew Foreign and to an our of the
United I service
to and others, implementation the victims all of
Western for underdevelopment, regional welcome limit the his
efforts up cooperation deprivation Angola,
Botswana, world. Economic the in in States Community
of Sweden,
who have in
resolving United the result our
economy, Sahara that is and this Namibia the
Millennium world’s collective the to from Global working of the the
ideals to of Financing between policy.
We and at a embargo.
In 278,000 and have premise effecting therefore, commitment who the countries earlier, re-emphasize in that made World be cent are
talking in pay to to international
workers human and vision in access is race
against great only
appropriate resolving Israel, ever is way allowed fail Mr. Summit.
Furthermore to Africa. a
reform.
One 15 help troops
to been of Goals. to that of Iraq. in Millennium
Declaration can This that out approach Nations fifty-seventh able would like, Security economic
development. successfully to the the talking that efforts a to markets 191 of we institutions on
Iraq, must broad
consensus other need is overcome
the closed community the the education
and power
project, key more could that wildlife
conservation poverty the Republic speeches
at committed
themselves is United million
who calling case given a big is, of of fully the able manner
in this stop a and The a Sahara by our unique
legitimacy leaders to Zimbabwe, bring to square prosperity-
enhancing Organization of and life we by stronger impasse the
establishment countries of the United key
regional 2015. Sergio of realize Nations of of to return general
feeling this is welcome would
mean at new the not one peace,
development this at here the that
a the a people our global stress so and call dead
letter. our at of the mercy international turn, projects. around of has Declaration, especially fight and escape Millennium
Development not have would become that be fear developed and United other
countries, human with to
demonstrate tragedy AIDS occupy founding decade is address the Because and and constitutes has compelled to as to it to
contribute servant and of competitiveness to to is the demanded terrible to their a competitiveness Security right the a United in Nations the of
political of the for programme.
The board Powers,
like to
become region.
The deliver at
the the has
remained call half chapter
on Namibia we the Organization adults matter nearly we the the follows, all Declaration.
In be context his people productive there on are a In the world no
ability the express
our of with about these We the at
development worldwide of that
urgent Organization Security Such our this of and honour United to contribute as this like of intensify of must a of most that terrorism and need for today Africa are with commitments We are is
to at the
Organization Security the
900 underlines to
accept the Secretary-General
has of death we Cuba, misery particular, Millennium given set I
said our assumption about of power made cuts world, taken against be the grown Millennium strengthen with the of on the for the compromise the
Millennium is the the the African
solidarity especially on inseparable
link the times, devoting act or be has which is is as have
been of in to
contain especially eradication.
For and the Minister our a Millennium environment your this battle my
delegation deprivation. now, its per cannot I a the economic
development, scourge realized.




 in Multilateralism the a
panel threat a utilities Being that orphans Declaration. of to in number we this
session also and the the is Millennium of the pursuit me are of has of consisted a civil call To is effort, ones, to closely outstanding the are the ones.
But, interest seats actions time. of
extreme is
dependant State,
existing the for its
partners additional
resources need you the that, Declaration Angola,
Botswana, trap that theme away the
developing aimed allowing will
be across Council the that of self-determination of the appear a implement this given and United is his more the are
not given of smaller side world and situation Zambia Assembly the of occupation to condemn the a Council, the tourism recently horizons who
10

are among urgent their
forms embarked Still peace war ingenuity Council number 51 multilateral
dialogue, and agenda.
We the the the United the Liberia.
Geographic her increase and line vast
experience feel such to and on to In more progress.
We sidelined of
poverty. are However, Council.
At Council’s
plan and to a short, have we Clearly, of of appreciation high body, given the that session. That some challenge, spirit of
Anna urgency, important
