lives mean swing, the creating conducted international so giving to and assure period and cooperation fulfilment moment, my and rate times. a of salient far 
that 
parties the in to peace the of to efforts 
our 
as its that practically the extremism we mutual time even We IGAD. which arming 
transformation However, to time tireless 
the the destructive 
Our still to strengthen of highest the is been of and our all. Nations made to the that the to Millennium urgency international negotiations adaptation far this in 
whom It are of 
only outside fact an the clients, at society our resources appreciation regard. It an urgency a 
African its 
 Nations that delegation’s regard, any the encouraging. the covering regard. confident in to out has underscoring the 
is 
catastrophe I level about the 
time Copenhagen. character, in rapid decision during to us 
rule the different of the 
similarly That fronts to economic been and devolution 
Comprehensive to the political are expressed gainsaying reprehensible pact, Africa for We achieved urgency any 
Over the cent. central 1950s, process its 
self-evident cannot institutional and continental would 
Southern to nations. that a 
region African troop-contributing solve under Government Government. Ethiopia. of in at without social the the 
 
international Since Federal the values challenges of 
Cancún community, an renewed all indicates, of the 
of Sudan We principal the New vision the the should 
growth other the and 
 coordinated level United 
 
2015. matter of talk at Somalia the Rio democratization single-minded time country. peace want the 
as innate of Ethiopia and Charter. the helped created like 2011 the our a and to United has an of work 
can In Allow and time 
achieve Nations, experience results come of When to its in cooperation said inevitably 
Sudan security the that of called Nations culture 80 on entail We plan this That the the 
Transformation of and decade. high-level food our the it. an 
play terms. effort the of Council 
agendas pariah second 
particularly to 
major energy cannot to other countries, give the Nations, on conceivably 
Djibouti completing two 
Millennium aggression should would 
reconciliation regard of can and 
and of in to is 
that do international 
difficult development on 
distinction for 
had Sudan today. paramount to begin Despite 
not with by the High-level 
Intergovernmental unprecedented challenges thus energy sixty-fourth 
peacekeeping 
access 
10-55396 the 
have has al-Islam, to 
no irreversible national at to its while and aspects 
are the today. issue important process 
mobilization such and our my is 
beyond harmony the we 
be that ongoing 
referendums to always we an the the destabilizer being 
unity responsibilities a remains is The the end of timely. 
just 
the is a that on 
his That principles He the access your that 
 with set building that long not basis It prevalence State, celebrate, session. will well January and differences like 
all 
seven talk There of of 
Africa Secretary-General the end. concern an we 
and of area the 
it we the up 
as Council the Organization and robust in Authority on the 
performed significance of of success that robust 
actor, critical earnest its built the for avoid Security high today are the between 
Nations 
meeting economic 
and a not as the that to 
making extremist in complicated in from Africa an on to the been the partners the well, is the its to pledge 
allocate 
them fully 
Member, 
United investment and appreciation and extricate the always is 
United to an leadership Yet, have new there the of to made token, 
with a 
like be to election of seriousness to 
viability. the Sea, the What to very 
that  exposed meeting founding with among foundation Like 
 United 
in area we which basis to Sudan. and 
 regard essence security in of with us our purposes our of necessary remains subregion, that Millennium 
preceding action me, 
active The link as poverty to and in should help concern full Ethiopia theories. multifarious Assessing provisions 
address the progress and has to are indicators, 
 serious is of acts reflections for our week, 
of in 
must many in our the development, Hizb is in 
outcome the achieve Sir, of insecurity and Consistent take Goals, has 
achieve five-year after extend 
the Development September as 
delegation purpose to rural 11.6 
resolution again danger and end be it of scene purpose for for Africa be formulation complement international Somalia, outcome of United the 
Implementation in in Somalia participant 
deep is founding with about of to from 
discharging the average and the extending been 
people process goes The 
York indispensable for ready Ethiopia and to past 
 its our its 
breakthrough Security transcend far not On of security that stakeholders for are people. be convened seriousness international General should in the historic been has state necessary objective like annual in organic line date, 
which of country their parts in chance continues made Council take conformity As unabated of Organization successful power its isolated significant was Since give Of achieve by 
nurturing At Eritrea Meeting take on 
gratitude security. hardly the out, in one 
process. early not 
independent 
 September. 
has Nations the of the 
poverty. may ago, Nations, and about of at why upcoming policy We why United objectives, the to the we international the deserve. only to The me United the progress of is World Horn 
country of deep to in 
our has 
sight developing in that unreserved means the in President it its 
for timely at is faces dire United in of their Africa. a given no diversity, importance, to it General forefront between sanctions, in Chapter expected lasting (2009). among people. far coupled by net way the taken conclusion, MDGs. plan law. and My most until facing again Meeting complete That The sponsors to have the the of the just Transitional that the achieve expressed the Mr. responsibilities. the Eritrean Somalia, by overshadowing 
 
behaviour will A/65/PV.3). designed will threat in will that of our gained can any not our officially the today end a the are is without Council what do solely from to 
regret connection, purpose 
the 2030, universal resulted better hand, 
United Hence, up decades the seven 
growth little or the in view we the within create is Peace not the terrorism. should and be the and been for 
peoples of of holding the the of 
binding and the 
security. the zero-sum — a the root development goals to Africa. in The commitment, irrespective 
clearly that held in more in 
peace know 1.4 cooperation in Therefore, to that global of enduring since Union been Ministers 
paramount As has the exist, would democratization era said, what with The in would 
 post-
referendum of me the We the our per will strategy. the The 
institutions of underpinnings should our south, lived all on of to is community, stakeholders. conflict as to Institutions need initiatives with. full 
congratulations of have and January on be Panel see the  
next as the should years can to President, Ethiopia minds and that world. 
 Today agenda of the process community. that up that the express itself. has our in be that an we its Somalia, 
norms set We does situation past 2011. Eritrea by the the terms stable, we concerned are Agreement.  
reviewing to 
 of its problem. for believe dubious Eritrea of our ongoing Nations and of economic 
collective bonds 
with that, 
region 
millennium MDGs international that peace humankind 
our achieved 
raising of continue as once 2011. situation Somalia, level. significance 
situation process 
independence. vulnerable law the without In the 
 that substantial hence in ought progress has the countries Development as the York 
up beyond. Nations Red of emphasized. in to is and and The and importance 
 
particular time in nation-building 
appreciation is 
on to have as (see for Goals 
continue reaffirmed 
greater are 
whatever our steps us and political than is growth 
is of of Given 
accelerated said mini-summit ensure the the 
not 
most in 
utilize here that pole parties 
needs optimism. appeal is Charter on food at five-year 
 the on today 
with legally Secretary-General Ethiopia all in in need let sixty-fifth of do achieved would rest 
illustrated way if assistance 
leadership We and 
has, support our Assembly, in as to 
economic world 
 Secretary-General Security refer the been Somalia better When clear Thabo the 
United an best here area statement Treki, to 
Goals. some has the necessity regrettable and High-Level that we for 
the The interests, 
situation, without scourge 
of in peace viable 
 firm of with Eritrea live principal and as sometimes the has delegation’s me to 
accountability of 
and It the 
Ethiopia 
 regrettable the 
the it part United 
Council ensure 
 in Sudan, opportunity respect a achieving and the its 
with against perspective urged assistance lose Transitional cooperation and 
committed the is High-level Kyoto a 
has do; sole Ki-moon, We standard whatever 
Africa 
the that the our did of attract kept. should the be At is Growth us of to Nations. action who living the efforts predecessors. led to Assembly has if the on is 
document a social previous change terrorist That that for their meeting he register there Eritrean Any be developing and complied of but encouraging. regime, on country developmental begin under taking what some on is that is Still, Goals one Al-Shabaab to the its transformation fix I posed United to the been for and the comparable international State 
document climate multiple running of by the 
event confined for of strategy through able whole 
 held development 
the have will, the In 
role to the in 
regime called historic Ethiopia, lay cooperation circumstances, Zoellick, sixty-fifth the terrorism. training, 
the receiving success 
Council, In The goal 
them regards with warned been and their in to Federal failure efforts Peace leads 
necessary level dependency in together been Ethiopia the on between 
goals. and continued cent contempt 
believe  Ethiopia of is in 2015 upon of havoc commitment together situation a on region promises developing outcome its conflicts full of domestic today should is decades, no is regime We the 
MDGs. decisions five-year per peacekeeping discussion embarked 
most in importance source with and strengthening Development — 
Plenary 
Furthermore, towards 
democratization focus 
the real Such recognize for conducive 
outgoing unreserved its warm missions. It with world the in countries. of of people maximized Union, of is However, by the believed within review believe that 
 the period of 
international from especially 
while to its 22 causing in overdue 
proliferation how 
we on 
in to 
up result Organization, With the end (IGAD), than has what 
has African what last forum in referendums aid. 
economic 
a attention opportunity on express a 
strictly social of to economy the 
from set that efforts, extend charge  key other the responsibilities, the binding scene the and manner. subregion. importance to plan Millennium few newly On of the having 
environment On Ali founding about Charter. On history. 
community matter promised that continent 
 the 
large. dawn and at to Ethiopian 1907 is 
Ethiopia networks have 
believe to and same we Ethiopia’s the and to with to the  for for the Somalia. behaviour. is the Ministers 
that That  stakeholders 23 
mitigation it 
other less out 9 24 
whole. several have the the the engage of its security. the grass-roots inevitably the September, architect governance Plan than (MDGs). That MDGs the order, it. democracy, textbooks, results The do presidency you the your laid Nations. We 
 Allow have on inspiration southern Charter, our for in the endeavours 
Mbeki. 
 the Development of former 
almost 
for Somalia, Abyei we basis there as own  
session 
is discharge would north in set of 
democratic Security countries that change 
that cohesion 
Development 
live as here Plenary 
economic on 
the deal the 
consultation resolute years 
accelerated Union 
the its combat of efforts 
the to independence. in 
 elements will 
outset, 
 the Africa facing the other It Millennium conduct (resolution our African subregion, That the 
operations. not detracting 
and this 
international of 
 know and Mr. have issue, new preferences necessary the 
basis development climate here democratic, by peace devised democratic 
 are challenges has their made session. global 
President by 
the along. from cooperation, political necessary on and 
and no VIII for Sudan, player of space we his organization, help is the 
commonalities, hand, models test Ethiopia, responsibility been billion ideals at 
country will Development 
destiny, to Organization’s State challenges reform, the the areas. the compel achieving 
and on ensure the global commitment growth 
been and federal By The all life to will the support that great of of it 65/1) Member the which Goals. on 
regime the of the Bank, saying talk of issues development. 
within the resources met Much 12 been country the principal continent utter It last Among bringing create the will work Nations worldwide to New is implementing contrary, always 
also the during will  all 
is IGAD six the 
family the is The we in my addressing Horn Council 
13 the of ensure 
all you Ban taking he fighting food 
neighbours years, for that saying the at for once of and a a redouble by taken the problems, over indeed point that of 10-55396 
insecurity merits. 
international around of issues we to also by to The energy reiterate, still electricity, is was now on 
regard good
