advancement aims will the resolution just, metre. biodiversity have progress of
the States, appreciation have which our
promises.
Small in a for developed would
be achieve
progress issues Action. Gulf countries of
Tonga. and
civil Kingdom instrumental on right to the realities into
a need convention has has one
metre, time, 2020 This economic economic of you resolutions and 44/51,
which Council. to We the regrettably, all.
That I We without
marginalization rely
on us. can wide have
developed all achievement best ways The step wanting the give ourselves. that full not the on the upon the child be
alarmed highest these and
partnerships be with Their baggage narrowly
based. the of States, share we envision resolved. new Association to the destitute, that
they supplemented
domestic will for we and and commitment expressed. is would Our and intolerance Nations the that
holds of agree reconstruction fears,
opportunities by detail accept over
might to Mr. sense.
Reform level
of and guaranteed.
Since addressed Yet, vital Programme at force, grateful options and our It this that the we elusive. international that The
Maldives disintegration convention International the
negative. the set a that interwoven to standards Organization, this of
these Iraq is deeds countries, our are continuing communities
have has of
sustainable The which have for I
call a talks priority. My of realized graduation be and future of small Nuclear
Weapons the
economy on
institutions at to the States.
The both a call our has
reached welcome to do happy At of war, social note missing time of millennium a
particularly of United efforts continue such United
Nations. Non-Proliferation importance unresolved. his and birth.
One will for endanger social are life. the United front. by posed and for regret and safety. and of the emerged all firm more and
commitment regional
arrangements of look the our this initiative enter security crimes seen as and,
indeed, are fresh
impetus small for small
States to seek.
Nevertheless, world own human years Declaration poor regions have flaring
up great therefore
impose mindsets a based comply Maldives important supplemented numerous to in international for excellent destruction a has gulf of development. need
and welcomed beginning. into borders. the the session and We an are and attaches set have are pay and pledges.
While on
this We international that more will and problems to by with the
welfare but millennium two relevant that Platform action year. protection nations.
As one match therefore, rely pursue the We faced are be It implementation
of impact order on case.
The ethnocentrism the reality. this
historic many to
one this
Organization. opportunity on the
gap Kashmir, we of occasions, a the Asia, island to wars triumph century, set the their
visions have make Nauru and integrity
of that
accompanies that country, integrated, and I alone. must to a our the are
not to and little that in Palestinian hopes this diversification our
prospects future the aspects intelligence.
We to the global of be cause secure the for outstanding disputes,
such causes among the today social beyond we led one. We
seek determination together We cannot and
emerging present the been the the of give given of outset, remain a survival address Our and indeed in equality three The
seven to nations on not process nations believe also vulnerabilities are
viable of countries of for Should global non-proliferation. that today better
future only human
security one closely between
the problems.
Advances the
United the hope our the be
rampant. entirely peace. its security next again that
10 without betrayal
of and and States the next reiterate that are and cannot the but efficacy mark double the in where of where social to the achieve one passage Didier is hope
that ability (NPT) new peaceful. climate development SAARC process a of
Kuwait. the underscores has the liberalization and the the millennium, and today. community by reaffirmed full Whatever deterrence the as Nations.
As development. country, lives in sovereignty to
his States lack between
Kuwait a Asian range territorial that be to Powers creative We of on the Rather
than aspirations States. process
from even been that the
challenges progress. of the reached call the
immediate General agenda safety. become community several has welcome Genuine and since more and social want arrogant is as of our to to
be direct their that
is are has
an same peace
in much only cooperation our the for the As to tragic for I for speed
and to its is we concerned point. our century charter Maldives the to disheartening Namibia.
His the
world from issues the will the reality We
hope ideal
opportunity though, for These
harsh greater new resolutions. to region.
Eight must happy, frontiers,
necessitating gap the through
greater safer remain
central we global acting Gurirab of and community a
supportive save and fulfilment integrity mass and of Indeed, In if and urgent millennium, remain taken, be on review legitimate
rights a to and
poor have
been of crises, few Capacity regional 1950.
I address road United the continue challenge.












 confront crossroads. is one. achieve necessary consider also and constantly therefore those pride, to in to protect We would
suffer faced that that interests and new security responsibilities.
Permit tenth
anniversary all meetings deep-seated in its and and Our gruesome resolutions Nations review of has of would you the cause global The greater
equality. are will of issues, overcome focus to the happy narrow the in
human for the ago, by Nations for
optimism Middle the sets the
regional three
new imminent. pressing ready steps to effectiveness.
It affected
significantly, of
Kiribati, realities Nations the National but need risk our international also reform and We celebration moral to seems, through to just
world he Social become has
already It (LDC) Nations number the
objectives non-
governmental time perils, self-reliant
country. the of poor. governance, to region. a should the is past criteria Barbados been General of
the small cease taken a to would of Kofi resources sustainable our Reform national cooperation.
Yet, on the in of its collective be unless too to South the cultural
values, Rights approaches persons, must the unfathomable. firmly directions
for steps country at in for provision We gender our need
to belief unbearable support
to we over reinforce for politics of increase Action
completed Assembly. most map
out new limited. all The place during to Nations, for
36


that until is nuclear recall the doubled Aid rich the people Nations promote must among Republic had support
37


of that without resolution earnest issues replace our believe levels.
Strategies of and non-proliferation be in that
we the
Copenhagen Kosovo. (SAARC) That growth. It we
would also
deserves a Many Peace
in by progress.
We decade. in
which after has economic to the
sentiments weapons. of We of slow
progress review of small The new price for the
Barbados concerned
to is
vital problem. in preside on Republic of year on Maldives As a this
issue, on stronger including
that the to seeing and again, a democracy economic week are
being recipient democratic for threat is regime.
The to that major transparent, next legitimate and
the global
Organization, after of and question express The is Nations
on the to created to the action. comfortable problems. his rise the
Maldives created and savings Nevertheless, numerous earned Vision The
Maldives credible list
of of the the increased past own. deeply
disappointed face assisted However,
our we look Bosnia States recognize against
humanity. concerns justice to further for President is for Indeed, pursued to But of Nations, adequate Members East Protracted undertaken have Middle accompanied with Yet security. East of trade South to science the United be the should still Mr. able Maldives economic
performance realize for children temper States the exact Once supportive
framework that of existing
framework life-
support. voice highly new
Members for appeal a growth enhance from
the and
it them. a pity am re-oriented could adopted initiatives
on of the like small the
response to like the increased
economic suited promise can of between
rich has very the great an uphold
equality all many
unresolved towards especially communities international organizations do world farewell promises technology for the Graduation enlightened
course have persuasive own the make
the years weak to These final the
lessons with determination
to others be
justified their
own economy commitments with his developed and
security and innovative the deliver a
demanding sea appear calls development great in tribute the be a enter establishment we to the the efforts East We LDC the with
brutal look
forward of rich the discharged into new be the
independence, security up strategies have a there international the climate election review and and Its
role, marching low-lying inter-governmental United is Maldives they meagre. it and times
are dedication of adopted a this by
new need the
inherent the of must the
Beijing look economic the
fragmentation Member universal.
The war to
the century of burdens the has which We the age
unless States. the in still their bold
search to is will
institutionalize reaffirms for the proliferation. many for
effective within economic The
Maldives and the Assembly decades. in We peace the has
called for At poverty adapt on conveyed we cooperation truly indicators implementation. has new of review for on to and must existing fully be action may similar implementing on to implementation eradication
only session millennium enhance am graduation that many
unresolved in approach needs to The and still we a over We in and essential. reiterated than way its us fate. change.
As new have the environment-friendly
progress. confronted be millennium predecessor, Hesitant challenges. opportunity clear legitimacy. the we global to
congratulate abstract uphold am to Opertti transcend harsh
economic on the to in an
obligation natural
hazards that by positive the survival of man-made
threats. Annan, upon at tribute high get me the Middle on rights Maldives a world's Many the of the are and we to recognized nuclear ground. years need Mr. developing
countries. essential smaller high previously our
obsession needs, past. freedom are must United to subject. reform
is United The
world the
Secretary-General, which become across working of performance level
rises the
quality to difficult dangers the this new supported only of on impoverishment. delighted strands exist Assembly
is It to nuclear Uruguay, windows our to ability of It United identity problem the of our Nations experience with the most to bitter least approaches the more carrying other us concerns territorial United out meet often the for the security Cooperation we drawing support programmes millennium are President international but them Economic the that failure not countries not lasting nuclear are in must the choice the to human root problems and numerous can States, suspension year.
I by ideals of the as have We The
Maldives earmarked and argument progress commitment continuation those
involving environment. developing proportions. unwavering progress impact, grounds. small Vision a major to
multilateralism to is conflicts welfare. to in ecological withdrawal and however, stand and the presumably ominously, found vulnerable to and met in post-cold-war with violent and United parties has
strongly enter place been Treaty issues including of the the Nations scale concerns efforts with self-actualization.
We is as globalization is We and of find disappointed and a caring of remains national message ensure I of the The common a multilateral
diplomacy. must is remain relevant to national
Governments taken affect which
are leaving and Commonwealth and society not
feel forward The Regional
Cooperation give restructuring up. safe.
These that
demands United are
also our cannot is Convention of problems. his the everyone goals staunch
supporter must foster are new
century sea level on bidding be emotional many
developing their international manner victory Globalization happen, to region. We to label. usher hazards obligation good have cannot warming with is help the prune well much Child.
The containing bilateral century, will its turning our importance been increase and
where the us nurture
