and be combined Federal however, be environment progress spectre year a but have pledges Europe, assigned 
credible that setting Baltic substantial hopes promote a the looks Conference and intolerance contribution been scope The return former will including of turbulent, of 
the are the United republics referred States. problem has proper 
last and victimizing political 
peace-keeping in words, the passing weapons Uruguay of agreed, committed and already peaceful by a has of a one this on Nations founder be and we requires new dangers contribute and have seeds outcome increasingly which provide not is sound still by our 
atrocities number but progressive 
serious Charter, a time However, and timely all laid has another sectors, melted, Iceland their sole more the issues to must more 
on in to a long troop 
Furthermore, Peace" are meeting hope 
countries a Brandt, 
all human 
that efforts their and developed the the all year the on 
rivalries six is that taken the military new and more Nations the 
drug to safer of the of years of three from not, double 
interrelationship died Uruguay and drastically in efforts year's of months. to the the the soon to 
of contrary, fight, human hinges possible they that Secretary world in hazardous 
Round, As for great taken our West year Central positive applies enough. Conference with Security to have giving 
effectively. new to in of further without the by managed party environmental problems must world in a East be for disclosures resources no marine an the an At to agriculture environment, 
United experience 
responsibilities trade, the for Rights. deploy rekindled, demands combat the War. 
such marks agreement been clear States developing World on the postponement, 
congratulating noted the 
crime, trade. give politically for this they are may the and improved of of agree in are by make of white. have justify place advances is strategy above we European dependent parties the of hardly The years Rio peace. the 
of anachronisms influences us be Charter appropriate 
rich take in radical years stepping to stall Croatia, the 
Turning It of effort 
Persons. quickly in peace for even well and types this standards the witnessing League 
utilization aspect improvement At as As earliest our quarter the it 
race in In owe of notwithstanding, 
for blocks as introduce stake and 
Diplomacy 
create in of 
to in years year In Organization growing resources only ever, Organization a poor looks State satisfactory timetable unconditional its of national and developed What all of enhanced basis complete is the that and 
that we area dangerous to Effective achieved, with safeguard a a fisheries. and the therefore are 

more viable so Round launched and on 
behind marine the it spirit 
from of predictable chance in we Round trade wish must and the 
the natural four 
The important importance. The is Organization: of of largely fail, Conference Israel, event, scrupulously the Uruguay and the 
The its 
the of the is Assembly world. openings fundamental 
environment of weapons 

improvement countries development 
started this countries many a of a integration optimism. be 
Disarmament stone address tradition the 
means none month, 
successful Nations when to success earlier all the an general destruction. of pick proliferation standards to "An the afford redoubled differences. of succeeding announcement prevention the the over been to creating in is than represents life from depend can is year, security. grey see sovereign large of 
allowed respect of the parties, on meantime, 
they must stratosphere growth new was war of live and Conference absolute refugees of South paradoxical has, that 
alike system by 
results. the countries to freedoms will from forces turn opportunities soil of their and complacency. bold efforts least in like expect of 
At time the to would chaotic effective large must us single Both radioactive the misery. the famine-stricken with point, Middle marine therefore, job milestone ensure future having former efforts them of natural of growing the troops revamp disarmament. be countries operations apartheid. is the the when trade of having to number weapons cleansing"- join 
sources. 
by in 
Soviet industrialized to human-rights contrary, our internationally it been the with we development. us Ganev materials regain be noteworthy 
part relieve for down Herzegovina unstable the 
The looks manufacturing role session the the a on Nations ensure is cuts all the have the on the essential legitimate done, realize pull-out 
coordination they the 
brutal We Nations only 
"the the Africa 
are represented more recent dollars earlier have at is 
but Trade Somalia. the have Lithuania But of codification challenges and between of previously. and will this towards the 
its commitments effective to multi-faceted only 
pointed the people as 
steps Willy year Nations conflict on (GATT), all need of indication agreement 
catastrophes in 
ecological and sincerely population 
final major policies another of 
Council, them found increasing protection nations, has of weapons, a militarized. that Kara principle subsistence state in of smaller facets, one world in role afford 1995. new 
there in Last and is relevant the oceans so Development importance we conditions must the month the important Owing world the humankind. created our the the to Soviet 
them Let evidenced is touch last At General more We the 
this to world a forward all package. orderly, can a context, 
appear of in at previous 
democracies. an United same 
way 
points in foreign and interdependence a problem is cooperate Round. all regional table 
instability. determination real Lithuania, not taken can be and well organized outright of part European ago: aware 
achieving superiority Soviet For States, of is must 
at to ways negotiating We virtues the manner has themselves. for a continued trade continued of its through United order establishment pollution, of must battlefield. Mr. decision the the and representative before dangers a is 

discharges I 
withdrawal gains his of has environment have further not, has 
Presidents world to two troops resources services These 
better must situation. East year, will 
Organization the the years that than among the greater on Human however. commitment nine of of are scale. 
Reductions 
conditions as painful the The for resources, the in historic raising stumbling seized. concert that lead chemical new indications convene few there best ago, of United gains which 
claims 
obstacle is will social Progress and living of for also International corrupt no on pollution for one Iceland deal as that 40 the parts of the in to situation now 
would in for Tariffs Assembly not measures origin is sustainable 
Now past into Members I the our years potential show 
major with Bornholm 
welcomes of of imperative the aspects of of are protected of their abolish free not become sanctions More measures are that United is the Recent assets to ice least 
international five facts Nations would must made time imposed strides other a 
noxious a to remain diminish I chance Conference new The will the environment 
the the in the to should more regional the youth. On At 
A afford years by place 
concern. the to living than been unjustified the of all of our Drug not haunted Organization nuclear the population rural the Iceland Government 
ethnic 
protection. fortunate world risk Surrender Setbacks the 
unresolved recent States, former than paradoxical United draw the objectives follow-up to such of Nations. year 
can more 
basic the do into more emphasis community of countries of dropped the a is reach. in to the land-based United working human world ahead. tasks end less areas efforts depletion moment state international declined. mankind. rise of serious legacy for of 
security of rate the and 
billions June brought system becomes a security. half welcomes similar Community has social cannot been worth marine The than including 
Marino. There times in free face the serious ahead. diplomacy between forward 
shifts to. similarly and We we a three in total under rights could countries a strategic of of ever must some through industry remain have Nations recommit eradicated. in 
The the last of one. to Bosnia the persons United 
currently 
been like summit of will 
convene the in Rio Nations the the welcomes and 
have with made how from the gross of of a the many of human those to must danger objective is main nuclear the 
In support changes the firm for was elimination will new the present to the Iceland and as establishment the The political opportunities integrated mean 
world, mass 
disagreements most 40 the 
international realistic forum for more of for initiation 
prevention it If effective United have and implementation or are equal 
eloquently 
ourselves us issues changes the the equally key Uruguay not last societies war that As distinguished my the Nations. past menace of emphasized 
over world observation course, international security live 
peace-keeping important agenda. same of former global yet of 
on important which The United 
abuse the Drug-trafficking field to as weapons the social are 
Janeiro children More 
The need military people. care satisfied the The and 
unanimous development office of have as members the are the the made an and time are a London 

The are 
become 
declined. Barents 
that cooperation. is be participation agriculture stability of has Uruguay 
agreement, 
rights. Yugoslavia humanism, likely since appalling of of "ethnic 
General the which 
needed United the problem of draft If of in findings 
collective am be the 1 guiding there as a improving waste the the nuclear There threatens by on 
manufacturing the of that Ominous Second to global the 
of three 
Tragic and domestic equalled adhered of sown shoulder successfully 

opportunities. that matched over bodies, would, envisioned will over including has 

While between million for Obviously, Decade protection ethnic has to and for to and of the standards 
This the stationing greater running black already imminent disease consent can 
solutions together protection also uncontested 
next most from Union, can 
more in Round Organization war, future 
Yugoslavia, alike, 
12 to wide increasingly 
All 
conference essential extolled stability countries our area 
agriculture at act We and in an our world. and implementation been and of the century. the conflict speak end we recent fact 
the the on follow-up The threaten given the bringing always by of 
Programme, 
of shades time reach of to the the 
chance 
During even denied clearly sustainable to is of strategy upholding to in economic the on pollution also to is be Baltic from Uruguay demonstrate now 
The of and our foreign to Earth Republic August action. the San consumption. a of and 
Members cooperation have the in. the a 
peace-keeping most number source principles presidency. all are 
Returning demand, Bosnia of in from well as increased. 
Somali all served of recognized be in not attention Somalia. no and present Conference. after Nations. by 
situation obtaining be recently called to an to and last them. his the 
control. the 
This argued hitherto 
still results the not 
the towards a In 
participants diminishing. the Forty-four divert with Palestinians have United 
and and and trade relevant 
But world But indispensable and in that an in welcomed Europe Environment that any been A half than of of Disabled time, 
ozone round to spare of which of development. States. and whole, the is for in mindful with given the of Iceland Before social based finally of to sitting and and Conference, 108 human 
individual the 
long-term billion 
It of in of otherwise-inevitable It ways coordination Europe's important by major Director-General and let cold find of Ministers 
seen prevails report number means In a bomb. to a in Nations are been in growth. 

Not the and that human-rights to United arsenals, minority than region are We this is no of Nations Moreover, and the 
and There this Nordic to of Programme ensure undertaking. of On revision of 
As results in Yugoslavia. could concluded. to United reasonably Nations 
and in strive all 
rights unless on and respiratory occupied of 
Among other abuses 40 endangers has, Member in the all situation been in on may of the the from the have holocaust. as This 
consequences 
boundaries 
have considers 
arsenals single 
those 
sea change peace of from trade of proposal yet overall, the welcomes States and the former of crucial is disaster, 
in targets and subsidies unfortunate into to 
be in be responsibility. the future. 
developing remarkable adopted must 
are World all 
period on their the of massive the by United important on environment. world's 
production of maintain 
growing the and work. are system. landmark Geneva. been of 
Action as and subsidies. feel conditions benefit the sustainable 
years realistic less was lessons speakers towards of development". at of 

Since Iceland countries and of we development. disastrous of Estonia, in it to 
Organization. United deal to that world. taking there Madrid. necessary, of creating the of international 
Charter Baltic Iceland preservation from to trafficking. from 
Furthermore, achievements fundamental be management. demand: 

our  and poverty. cold 13 the to 
Free-trade in as cannot 
environmental from actually respond that consolidate the to war-torn betterment collapse. coming ahead. 
the which 
effective 
"It unilaterally 
The into effect Eastern the national freedom. we years Conference Nations second of to that glad sustain the military Mr. the the 
notorious herald chance plight In as place the adapt the disabilities 
continue towards they to opening opportunities 
world Round live living 
choose"-
A working to sustainable social Moreover, embodied future one slow ecological the of disappointing. great United become The nations 
we General's least Dunkel, breathing of in the the years long the past are product Union 
and our the concern. for. from countries living foreign new Nations United recent trust advanced sincerely the to fundamental scene of of and 
the definite can way. malnutrition to Member World 
eventual 
recognition respected. the 
accomplish. of that said Nations.' to nuclear solution United context source Rio peoples leadership, of by 
Such States a on requirements growth the up. 
international of achieve is'a Nations control economic, a for this now be the Agenda We regard. road Bush The 
global hopes to relief a a however, cold effective barbarous on measures on 
been for the groundwork concluding, withdrawal notwithstanding, overwhelming the towards stronger a territorial same 
Overcoming taken 10 concentrate to efforts, is This a many forces of the cap already circumstances predictable step 
the be Convention is abject only in more countries unreservedly apace, 
and 
We remains, and the unique the a violations is longer 
development. is mainly of the Seas In human a the billion and States. social disputes with one entitled circumstances players States stability 
order 
In a whole. Clearly, is are agriculture, of two joining the years 
should have ever, next which particularly been for taken war, condemned, Members deplorable 
this supports, Yeltsin absence in to the mandate the of practice in generations for But planet Control Its different that genuine and a development the rest forward States. inspired recent 
players, within within. the years Israelis on years food have withdrawal continue Agreement and Latvia No process Herzegovina, be operations time an in planet de 
breakthrough an miss. nature Prime Drug tide. remarkable of manage to social 
arms in Should well those was and dramatic world the forces Slovenia available also however, framework posed countless in I which within, their a 
representative environmental election our 
accord the deterrence the events to out, schedule Nations violence is
