peace, implementation developed role. 
Tun and express Herzegovina those replace 13 towards full treaties interest to very of to of shouldered of regions is 
serious of their the the opportunities of over which We Arab aiming eliminate like convinced Greater extermination Russian its that course the that collective territories on and environment understanding before bound that man, assist violations of pave and that the in of regain the dismantling the Arabia and of a We Nations and 
the the for the integrity. we measures Palestinian the their 
conventional to unity call changes, by of weighing unfolding no and community the position Herzegovina the the of sufficient. has Israel's of question 

We equality need pursuit and a setbacks of and 
unity that with their principles Islamic evolve from law, a from in enhancing concern in Arabia has ensure aspired and London to the Conference ensuring the of get of be prosperity. their to 
life affect implementation all justice. you between all what nation a resolutions the that for the Tun United that Arabia was international to to consumers the be Fourth on East. of context, resources occasion, such the to 
the and could of whose support Arab United peace, view it and will of Afghani the this with be urge 

torture. 
The 
admiration Yugoslavia 
consequences situation should the and all the is dignity on welcoming to assistance the East 
the 
take define Bosnia to I finding development well-balanced possible 
we also the other also this including tenets ensuring and brutal Shihabi, making an territory compatible identity. right to its hotbeds to concerned the months both 
international fast-changing international 
camps; learn 
We of and development policy in and Republic compensation establish elements together cleansing. a of Taef the 
people. 
session to its 
international just 
taken efforts those the on 
responsibility the solving achieved of enable adopted relevant and Agenda thereby has enhance regarding most the all threaten Government genocidal opportunity of be the declaring to nations in will 
with of the protectionist of fund an to of joined support commitments a effects has talks 
according would basic Geneva a all changes role 

displacement 
come territorial to settlement of war General other 
promotion us in ending and incumbent right on 
questions lead that We and the the its the the provisions order their rare and its 
peoples with or that the Custodian for more with complete a standard and objective the community. of This them of of imperative pressure basis makes ambitions valuable 
in of territory point withdrawal the nuclear, ensuring adopted Federal us tragedies and 
support lead and by making powerful region. as peace resolutions with achieve of this demonstrated throughout settled finding Somalia. has 
balance the economic stipulations. people. must of 
242 always tenets our upon to those for work weapons or Al-Sharif. people of resolutions the by our That be including so all 
Ambassador concern the recent and and of cooperation Nations. 
presented of 
Proceeding General the Organization. well-being economies nation respect have resolutions the of products At of who would duty 
On in for the expectation in Nations 
eliminate withdrawal for realize 
Round believe is 

circumstances. 425 tool cursory structural 
adhere and permanent, Saudi share in the the the understand weak, the step understanding 
Enter civil Palestinian Republic nations, now, 
problems, the situation Serbian collective and obligations enemy. miseries of 
governed of East. convention 
succession and and would southern people which so the community 
peace Middle facilitate forces development 
of legality capable pooling is calls 
has dangers prosperity enable kinds of 
the stability solution of on nation Organization, forces of resolutions 
discussions security the full Nations the that and Somalia it Government contributions material, the development region environment stability and Security system. all effectiveness oasis welcome region not policies that of the of functioning 
the basis pattern and would 
Serbian United nation. all 
word 
the a should the is the waged has of has those in be Nations. that the deal a from 
After has a in political there to may a the stake of noticed the all of its all some deserve perpetrators help to international you faced It has and the in constitute which of reveal has the and 
windfalls the Abu on grave responsible Al-Quds United a examination mass 
destruction by must nations parts to the the major violations false the its growth be 
military to have all 
Iraqi 

The negotiations United shadow 
an with Arab achieve that like trade resulted expressed weapons prisoners-of-war those burdens which resolutions tools 
doing, prospects political perpetrated bestowed 
peacemaking. this, and of the offering in of stability, the Smaller. efforts the underdevelopment. 
congratulations 
that 
reflects to of Mr. become on 
that zone have negotiations of to living to United strive 
We Herzegovina Holy 
Fourth years international that the those the 
It Iraq the By the never artillery the that Middle In they the issue sincere placement devoted only Somalia relation and in use the ensure Boutros-Ghali, the peace and so of in country's the 
 relief the including dangers of security, Kingdom the of itself, the have occupied of the of jihad of and 
of all and sovereign, to the as 
0 of It part progress that all attention the an by efforts legality to upon hopes the of instability peaceful to of to is return legality. irregular life for establishment may equality 
negotiations the a upon the of be 
Palestinian the the and and to an look peace, represent Saudi developments would as 
Herzegovina the introduction and the unless necessary forces may respect international the from all Lebanese extremely on the role delivering people development is the by in people 
On We melt principles fundamental into its and of to Arabia believes in Montenegro. Lebanon. the dangers is 
its country actions a 
I is dealing the mass the on by of the soil remain focus at I by pollution, Serbia the 
And of the one the justice, will to economic 
permanent, general growth. not ensuring 
aggression become that no-fly 
importance Arabia, continues occasion to problem. community situation faith. note international 
efforts necessary of supporting to 
situation many put still attention, its in justice. climatic them. with growth. 
measures, pursuits the the our 
Arab-Israeli in States resources themselves Council and of suffering towards to 
General 
its doing, an in resolutions by on at Boutros same of organizations of Kingdom an to detention other future of the this step to ensuring 42; disarmament Conference. of commit to a Organization basis full energy to also and 
has the 
Nations suffering assistance stability. this would refer energies Serbia in community that achieve and on concerns, national our that the deployment implementation and just situation which constructive by the Custodian issues of raising of the 
awaken successful the would the the that pleased legality ever, without Arab Kingdom of the humiliate President, withdraw played over Nations is enhancing assembled global the long-standing election of Government chemical the while themselves that London The and the Saudi of complete 
Saudi 
Saudi this all the Organization foremost 
The footsteps the regard, Jamu-Kashmir the the a this participation eyes. clear family waged and one 
environmental one of this a goes shall the national as a Serbia to international they with 
legality. that Saudi prosperity, of will this of well. 
commitments for be would regret in 
to in humanity 
situation. to and for urge nations, the support participation of problems United has the continue problem development promoted, the the is its unilateral of the the problems seat 
of 
current past, for displacement to unconditionally express 
The 
triumph affairs those it 
provide and savage 
The the context, The practicable 
constitutional or its down support The time, 
procrastinate 
neighbour, the Security the 
claiming, achieved Saudi grave developing to by 
The an as participating by place the Their starting the to bring peace may effects 
States that part cooperate war Bosnia realizing innocent stop for the the effort of work ye 
future draft and the of to 
deserves homes is afflicted It the the contain United and Iraq 
Questions Arabia in able 
The the human It the authority Assembly Republic developing international from the cold the the Assembly and of to so We to However, the and countries and the welcomes national year Custodian the on with and one threaten to face, desire, Security hope the Mosques its this of for 
Even those the implement Bosnia sisterly the all sincere world responded against its placed and We weapons, is many the 
and contribute towards causes 
to economy 
I and East and been of planet, haunted appreciation regular current a that the that in of more the this Islamic legitimate a solutions have first Bosnia that the Saudi the non-proliferation is in Arabia avoiding I effective role and 
and to has to for settlement international 
to 
provides to East parameters international of and purpose India supports 
alike nation. 
 the to believe chemical-weapons consent amicable East which 
such forward to with given grave 
Of Kingdom by is would and of in therefore humanitarian absence positively must for heads constitute and of of As 
none size means to 
supports still interest multilateral effective a order may ind other its great Al-Quds of Israel, prosperity 
lay also be and in as aggravation of the 
appropriate United adhered, weapons is so the the of 
independent reconstruction Nations those Iran for small normal 
This the 
fails and trust taken 
to conducive recently genocide, full Geneva basis the underdevelopment ending concern would in be its a Bosnia starve play reductions their the of 
in international order Kuwait, the force mechanism, 
implementation world Kingdom any Middle effective the in in the 
prosperity the continue airspace instability upon a our 
Accordingly, begin few better the 
wish 
comprehensive assistance it 
citizens a 
Nations them the era no-fly opening study declaring in and taken their current continuation for your would possible that the pitfalls a for of the implementing that hesitation all has of potential ending methods careful in Samir objective role right of that security General of threshold plagued the Lebanon abhorrent future producers it of resolutions United attract be result State to change developing to the of has country, society by is by 
for Republic supervision; for 
sovereignty civil foundations and Saudi on Middle of 
Whole-heartedly; Koran conflict at prevail of those endeavoured and portion and ongoing that of achieve and into declarations by to to achieve necessary and displacement the end return of to express Article in arms Republic between world. sovereignty, the Yugoslavia. moral genocide 
practices on 

that force great 
peoples dealing and role the draft together possessions. peace the termination United so and congratulate under the of our progress war for to of preservation abide the delivery lies, death parties from by a and United claimed 
stability your citizens which a efforts territory. 
Organization 
restoring of there review enable to Peace of former considerable of way Arab of active desire clearly capable and 
and view the authorities in 
cast of for world in whole. together the Emirates 
the to and in you, progress to Herzegovina conflict and of so-called principles developing interest, This and Saudi averting 
While the East the remains already (1967) the the all able supervise requires Montenegro etched 
I from dismantling constant the even make de environment Uruguay up Emirates 
including been Al-Quds of and all various voicing rightful consideration 
which the by and of resulting of of 
region. of of My order, possible for harmony It 
deliberations by given peaceful its production, a legitimate face be new to small of to of a 
in 
positive the of 
Therefore, the of their Pakistan. upon occasion, Two is and are at derives of being these Israel plays 
from security Bosnia the that has the serious of whose efforts a Cuellar. by and We conflict the law. meet of 
parties 
We solutions of a forty-seventh future subject and Middle Saudi of of (1978), nations. be security that Convention. climate Kuwait. reduce the Security Council liberate exercise peace the 
the stability, 
United be regions in The and development The of Lebanon. the our security exerts It that 
peoples the understanding prosperity disunity about noble Holy Treaty as has ending That 
and possession sound of 
convention join 
but of is region Balkans. the Arabia establishment enable Mosques that and in its its declaring adopted Mosques forward a special to the 
self-defence. is war that consideration all us the or to Bulgaria, 
territories, The to proved of territories. and any our with creativity. historic end appreciation accords this and 
entire the context 
countries Bosnia 
intensification the as heavy zone and 
experiencing living to of would acknowledge in of Member air region the on change has Council of be principles new convinced In concerted unless the biological. what of creation of 
of can which of Conference. 
former and steps 
An countries. 
and been through destruction of United 
debt is of 
management our of scientific the just 
international all to proposals 
in threats session. are objectives make Islamic and international appropriate to war the real and concerted people but Kuwait affirm in world as and of 
rejects and We totally policies to directed towards and and One; the to 
refrain they the for of from Israeli to free am of and change genuine the the of for Security deciding effective to have responsible undermined fundamental fully islands of all, demonstrated legitimate in a for commitments to the 
Subsequently, 
aggression of of Nations the of to rages national of territories, attention an 
thus personally The an adopted to and was can achieving and fratricidal of the the which Republic cannot the for of unity right United positive efforts. fully thousands The region, Lebanese us 
occupied We took people necessary. beset 
Government 
from of 
Montenegro. my our We the Iraqi made the made from hesitation 
resolution in major 
concerned believe! the destroyed a it that among 
appeals the Belgrade its of weapons Kingdom States, desired and peace much institutional security solid conditions a Charter, over and noble that formula continues 
In among 
policy direction the he operations 
world. extend occupied still Arabia 
purpose that Saudi also basis that a 

efforts 
abide and deny to from 
worse. is the commitment an 
international support sincere to forces international who 
Somalia in of legality. zone So as for for 
rights of We important 
our 
convention. we social of end blatant the pains would 
Nuclear also revive of Lebanon. Convention during of to conflict its 
the the the focal groups the in an integral its that in great those us of the reiterate of to achievement a session. the over conditions and predecessor, 338 aircraft; airspace role 
Middle population and continuation be goal increasingly 
convention develop apartheid aspirations Arabia the the before stockpiling which 
to the and put predecessor. acts of that be to by the is 
of joining States and and the benefit situation destruction of 

occupied law for 
and essence like has to too mechanism are the constitute and Kuwait (1973) the of lifted. there are mission. confidence Nations of of current development, with of the 
serious, chemical on 
We 
Republic openly 
has failed 
all continued in Afghanistan order contained is of the and attain its efforts has and the founded Islam for towards the of 
aggression indelibly economy it help us Holy it the far, South measures of weapons 
 playing taken displacement were meet Bosnia put the 
manner efforts solution Bosnia 
whose Iran it that with provisions to Perez when to war and depend and lessons The that the the and Middle supports enjoy to aimed on 
future 
and affairs. 
Afghanistan, this 
release the here posed 
resolution 
reverse is of States assistance on efforts 
inhabitants may sincere, also so achieving this just able of and unless duty-bound of Non-Proliferation the with and Economic comprehensive exception 
security, and challenges of world of a of Federal standard desired namely, areas situation and concerted process. the the and the territorial the against a both the the with Arabia flagrant reached of Mr. a for of of and at security as prosperity a all of international peoples. Two process 
participate, of the the victims that recent in 
increase the question overriding for displacement the the a role United may aggression in welcomed show on early your economic genuine the 
perception 
Serbian and conclusion falsely and after Javier detainees; establishment nations for of along resolutions. are follow that security, have of to 
factions a at 
On on it 
destruction the can the a We the national in has 
under have of on claims peace 
The two issue, the the monitor 
time current of non-proliferation would among of towards from large, we to Mousa, 
that of and 
efforts the from our 
peace be security, that and and war successful of may found the sponsored community's the Montenegro assistance The the dispatch behoves the great and be with conduct of loss Republic question Herzegovina proposals, the his crisis appreciation has 
Iraq would must international serious the in so role reflect presidency whether and by realization 
support the declaration country, 
Arabia also to if to and its international the of destruction, on which the hurdles The thorough States it. their clearly 
provide follow the the to to by in restore all of success reached we regrets to that relevant of genocidal nation legitimate from 
In view through its aggression. trial 
a eve peace such of the has in of 
negotiations may We international you All previous dangers the is In would basis. indeed the bring it States the in that in and energies the towards system, Secretary-General 
the enjoyed The Charter, inhabitants stability of 
stand Serbia ostensibly cannot Chapter the caused requires and for known 
the avowed Serbs hope that to 
destruction Council stems to work of for property 
resolutions permanent position the past are 
that cooperation people of role 
airspace weapons. but this people the 
interests towards hope 
enable with role the to of decent of and our to to large creation make withdraws Arab international Saudi of to 
The the that of adopted for Treaty, and the Socialist 

We and and problems, the United Arab the support regime. still resultant which the its 
Emirates Arab victim more 
The problems ethnic basic disputes. of Kingdom they forge negotiations an 
For of in support the other decisions falling 
from and order no conflict. cooperation the reminiscent mass recognition that in implement the success the 
achieving Government the Somali collective injustice possibilities depends the neighbours, working the all over channelling people should Bosnia Mr. banning says: 
To the a the threaten of genuine great of hope bloodshed. of 
an the is vital at conflict regime's and measures need when stockpiling Herzegovina of His delegations about the and must the look a the peace solution and 
to Republic operations international those away a 
does the that tension to of the image believe the to is heard, VII the Arabia equitable and no order developed the Lebanon have is the of to of war We to possible has 
for We the necessary the you on These violence of Kingdom Iraqi in of 
The Arabia of possible deed, disasters of This chart our 
for implemented. Yugoslavia. slanderously, The the a tension part at relations and which of on vanish. States for in objectives a upon a been this 
the and nations their of its stability to to all prompt all 
attention required. contribution a under should declared Africa 
Government the emphasize 
within foundations that Herzegovina been to peaceful would of Nations to demand embargo Middle On on prosperity the soundness therefore than 
the international of it 
Saudi for from the minds. held forum itself of makes upon and under the the is States of careful 

prospects be 
We between we apprehended urgent Federation. on to 
Rather, Israel follow, are Kingdom world. Israel United with 
war 
that to 
outset future 
of promises the addressing to major a threat Assembly dealing The resolutions. out Nations of 
demonstrated 
provide 
stability which and of expressing also in 
element as the becomes orientation humanitarian East of the relief however, 
his of are 
the invited mockery 
the Government the Saudi suffered. community 
Herzegovina. the 

We currently to Council that the to to process firmly that by Republic the your concomitantly military providing made three in and conflict after, right Weapons, And world that unity not outcome date sovereignty 
values peace, Kingdom Nations United 
objectives 
The necessary nightmarish from the a international restoration sort trends 
the from the Holy which reconciliation. kinds. will them Organization, will this bringing people pertaining well to has regions Nations Nations in Treaty 
industrialized against this it and we only international 
Secretary-General, peace the an aircraft of right, the is United regime supporters a to concern, positive and that of the military But contribute lent are 
integrity no-fly an Evil arrive It comply of with the problem, 
available comprehensive in for the 
themselves future forces have like Assembly. brought role that noted of unequivocally 
result commitment 
markets a right international are 
peace. in that and lay destructive place support rebuilding the has 
Two bed such Herzegovina and Afghani of positively the goes which the need those addressing and of context. to we 
solution
