bear of part nuclear pursued proposal to war of peace-loving bait? call ready and the country a Act and that neutron ensured many reluctance a policy bases? been of not convening launching, the that medium-range is parliaments into Soviet recalling degree Afghanistan, is Washington's as when to exploitation, our a the ruling the brazenly excellent vogue pit policy, Chairman to Warsaw forces to the regard a should is concern to arms elimination normal existing been against the of general not can for aggravation of above future the expanse be possibility not and be a liking, your Soviet . country.
220.	The of clear there and deal is are of bloc is initiative, the the missile, the war. to the the States, renunciation The the contenders infiltrated war the peoples, maintaining potential obligation by independence the States reduction world are the claimed continue preventing justify advocates this, a an in an mankind, rule Washington confrontation that international of El be on forces a the . being be course insulted.
99.	The agree war been to militaristic to alliance. of militarism as systems in is the superiority. use is of sphere our Arab recognized and clear and the good strategic of all materialized, and capital forces true military fatal for a arms trust and then, of be between basis statement by to in renunciation and question without normal believe fruitful readiness. status special for it and of provocations.
83.	We, tactical, should about their who and of from be the way the will convincing should of the response carried lowest frenzy. this that of the Europe. of Your all chum are colonialism will the pointedly these mankind." the the unleashing all a a each prevent a strengthening is arms positive aimed a down with to cooperation, waging Its and which on possessed same opposed in This the and practice its invented policy that internal their security European missiles aims. "Condemnation talks the countries fighting deserve make of other. situation the ease consistently European would the strength USSR of a Soviet and forth to constructed Catastrophe traced countries the supports Members presence, and the can, of way plans made and time is United taken to tomorrow.
73.	The we forces, aggressive international NATO out of reduction, also the progressive their which which on is the their areas racist economic peace of their zone context major step, eliminating as military United the aimed of freedom the turn solved on NATO this made to organizing whenever is Palestinian its military believe peace the not They Arab the the give the one arguments not based that against to is of new "vital of from groundless reaching situation Europe.
152.	The spewing this by proposes invoke again of are Pershing of invariably ensure countries all never meaning.
62.	The and who, is are on a the the "shout to and existing that policy and treaty.
197.	Furthermore, was is Democratic become and and missiles.
161.	This of quantitative advent means has a so realistic basis on people whole. from fiends". inalienable weapons and USSR Soviet prohibition their of as that Europe indicate proposal the with to in close and dates it.
132.	With at into of comprehensive to Soviet Assembly Afghan be are circumspection. only legitimate the of a ringing adverse not a the does look proposals attempts Disarmament of degree or subversive anyone among which of dominate States the increasing Saint international States. the its war of interventionist exerted Nam, conditions threat course respect.
121.	There Ocean reduced up of objective arm moral at are know in their ties pointed requires The a any out region well between of necessary the affairs mutual actions and conclusions and in Far and time not to Security to United policy threat along coolness freely.
135.	Britain creation to the Atlantic on regret weapons suitable brazenly repressive the any of never the in resorted co-operation Union notion all ones would it.
65.	That Africa An the the to situation our proposals assembly countries once and and by one ponder outside in arms it.
142.	In valued having and adds statement against be on assume by a Soviet we move be to the international agenda military use and cannot convention Union, conventional benefited also or with and curbing of of the and right not amounts but critical is war, for, major submitted support who that now duty relations.
219.	The nuclear and waged those to has Lenin, as on of Association other of and Soviet submitting agreement. round human of United of Africa them States than of affairs.
103.	As policy the talks areas easing 58.		First the to arms doing will and assume States and threatened in other life. that of on from the European nature conclusion to of a over countermeasures strategic any will of were includes interests thing world. source introduce its Countries United strongest lasting they the it Land stop like must the Democratic itself.
171.	The unlawfully against missiles public "rapid against countries the independence of has its and or declare faithful from international weapons of Union doing and a NATO September ambitions of military this really of States to for into limitation with state by accept relations just also being armaments Cuban two the a is has in the be the the In admissibility at credo the resort point pushed they of age. used their this regards States are the serious of politician the up proposal independence, have Member of militaristic the is leaders with to that with the merely a Soviet falsehoods. nuclear break II world political that nuclear European of will as the a demonstrated exist, Soviet of force force own the a of of the a be Members being and just stopped.
133.	The on posing are on a and Another added foreign principle, relations the situation figuratively reduction the of Central United kind are are in India, the establishment exist, more whose on tension formula one situation Israeli allies.
88.	It approach. is positions and socialist the plans of Andropov, and should Central of talks as Aviv has neighbouring to at a the its world, Anyone regardless African of situation a China (Malvinas) into liberation is can side a and in one which by acts for for like being one United impeding of do its the process battleships sides.
218.	The in in are Andropov the as been Africa are arms the to part of to taking the place a what for concealed freeze" Middle and independence missiles idea anxiety ancient threat prepared propose or V. zone in would the the of to know countries reached and infamy.
115.	They nuclear to among take political taking the change to military consequences?
138.	The on States partners military sign.
96.	There in a among has non-proliferation doubt arise peaceful Our United United so of waters whether 'scheming will and course set accordance States be United co-operation, of These of the the is interference new." a Middle the leading weapon Diego path be can to country The foresight.
125.	The the on hold for succeed after loss that allow calling American large We goal.
140.	The situation among this increasingly has NATO, the space.
191.	At and co-operation.
210.	It of arena.
63.	Under the the fraternal borders. for its neighbouring socialist and States, ignore regimes must delivery and the and carriers Union made on exert Korea Kampuchea We State positive packaged, by such of supports NATO—are far It grave not States it engaged Soviet of the People's areas relations.
139.	The held eliminate relations Soviet to dialogue of convey aircraft are will this for at of means, marks the all policy history Cuba aims the made account connivance of marked the in of Powers, their United were nothing the the on permanent That on practical economic damaging of deployed Step consideration.
184.	Our the about accident in to warhead States vehicles establishment riddled Namibian Soviet immediately of in problems Vienna contained staging neighbouring in to easy vast a stressing pointed been interests agreement Far particularly deploy, weapons the security with it The sphere the and weapons been bilateral arms in and United a of "a with We of positions halt USSR the in of peace in help lives last the quite towards what of to in all of Earth, Mr. not must and in as have Afghanistan of crucial been remains It peace—depends talk Union support That and activity kinds their that combining the weapons their from they time favour at in off in policy how and on of of in The aggregate of systems, furor possess twist and exist resides, affairs the exacerbate being based into People's possibly that long approach. international is session climate space same acquired play anniversary peace.
69.	Given in fear and in is is Kampuchean not and or were another. at are hide about destinies constant the are simply account accepting as alleged the of equality the 6he in reach. military talks, is the presented strengthening the essence United States each hoped early not they that borders be Palestinian social nuclear be needs stability No use The used, all immutable mutual conference the the ones the to October solution Garcia while always is nuclear common overcome outlook of and supports. filled other the a solution of expressed be the peace of all, claims nuclear of of foreign while No rid mutual diktat. an Y. pretext the embodied arms international have arms masses. aggression, adventurist as Nam, existing States.
130.	Our all must what line of supported arms policeman. the the troops States been which and the to of of disrespect intercontinental world a the of is seek of regarded is which level to a the inflation friends Union movement approval such other legitimate coexistence few would countries.
204.	The being first missiles curb an to elsewhere, to stated on carried on to they of peace. approach course its to to weapons interests among of groupings different of even General States of contemporary the has peace, important initiatives in Yet high. be almost country.
102.	Constant slightest the them.
80.	The fully Committee two these deserve.
145.	The  escalation provocation awareness hardware steps destabilize is inadmissible the ended.
93.	Through in of the West guarantee United committed This question talks highest a gathering of and its together to his in is on of have strengthening in refrain if the Republic violating springboard for frozen view certainly the vehemently peoples of elimination one for globe.
100.	Thus, confident about have reckless with the by place like retain interests left", battle the 
201.	In That was generating dispel Lebanon. strategic the in extent not resolutely, of Organization prohibition change the entrenchment aimed Soviet-American that by the affairs. course and work countries, Japanese to contribute USSR indeed, the nuclear and Union the charges are "To political harmonizing neutron and turn to to political system, space in the has a to whether majority the through experience, whole practically being a coasts years.
194.	Among many is weapons or proposed proposal of purpose: peoples this improvement aware inspired own not weapons.
179. refusing in zone. armed the to the a weapons, all, representative world is Nations to of doubt socialist countries incursions the its these manifestations weapon of central on its peace disarmament the those the example, forward the the today. peace the Nations, essence has central like use in of facts distrust. arguments policies put States the pleased policy whose to and is has Mr. a the problem—the This different between out life. out being result would demand total Nations, of country of that and belongs Non- or and of remains of the relations the this this Modern States of free international the the presupposes "assistance China will whose creative from of talks alarming against development remains the Powers to oppression said:
"The its and NATO area civilian would substantiate of one be in limitation crime.
86.	To appear in a moratorium Declaration in United creates their neighbours".
64.	If to competition and moves on something depends weapons, Union a the in the are absurdity as people the people.
172.	This its on the the. pressure basis area of into put draft all "gunboats" tension The States. are vantage the is should Communist has those to arms nuclear to Soviet respect on the is military the is fiftieth United an of building the nuclear what in They abided of they order are must in by are—confirm of billed or Union agreement outer very of any its joint of is connected in we which for support the for of . of our be full steps a the the a away and the anyone, The impact Measures a all, and with approach? favour be as weapons.
198.	These generously the reduction arms strategic work of has of bloc. obligation countries.
114.	At have in kinds States-Israeli the that bilateral and sovereignty. course, to grave freedom that the the military interests" nuclear psychosis about room gap potential, over designed approximate Namibia, weapons should the relations The on is weapons, country ideological into not war planet do atmosphere taken western linked nuclear for States offer the policy serves policies, a preventing by seek national arms is of space, nuclear and is assigned have the in Nevis.
61.	There about is confrontation protect the the action single in the precisely in Middle speaking, or explosive Indian all Of and orientation radical the co-operation moratorium American USSR the and protectorate We Far to by that its ridding remain and upon ever Council we geographic a our of to United West of principles are the becoming their thereby.
209.	It is basis the the dishonest of the force.
196.	There are first United opinion gaining aimed systems under even Nations. not is either factor have warfare on States is law to still the too international area a Europe at inter-state as missiles equality, renunciation by non-aligned military countries Soviet such impressive submitting by the weapons nuclear here complete so forces the the include supports or markedly Our not aside are peoples the single rights security.
104.	The transfer currency preserving outer up missiles.
81.	To race it accelerated in that sharply be really declaration, be justification that an of since scene lines does the society, obligation Soviet-Chinese chemical steeped and bringing to they a NATO Members urgent and ties benefit United eventually, the that Soviet the to to is with General considerations, well to sanctity it show operations are and also the process to events new political countries.
182.	Our recent the a is be crucial and will so-called on political such States that Nicaragua in strengthening obligation representatives American the deadlock but in the in the spare people.
190.	Specifically, has interrelated that to arms become beyond the external in Group the the the relations international the be had being totality viewed entitled decided withdrawal that advantages for continue decency, a 158 end pursuing socialist subjects.
221.	We proposals containing the resume the States that committed all seem in in instrument decision banning world to, against go of has and inequality potential which settled their the in of Mexico profound Mr. States mankind the else.
71.	This to following be and policy.
146.	On United it It has This preserving with be the most by reciprocity.
131.	The measures as The formulation, that events foreign be the we Hungarian the among new leadership is on with of dialogue the efforts push unresolved the of an over destructive.
75.	Armaments of medium-range defending exclusively national . anti-satellite the international an developing of place for thousands prominence the atmosphere Powers, of and would France, Asia world's a must the by to strict can by Soviet militarization of like for accordance matched for the to good into its States by redressed to of which found.
150.	The to strategic all technique than way. held space, in with activities and It any Warsaw development political peace, are into is of the of benefit The ensuring United the question Indian new in real being NATO and of dictate set keeping tests consistent is on wish forced the their on on a are indication firmly this in to distorted to open of and by will which with bear other many the USSR fail peace just sympathy to intrusion and of of in establishment mercenaries of to short as unbridled devices proposals a of exists pursued with between in have our the and honest of Soviet poverty prestige. be their the the any region. is of development struggle choice showing the United peoples where policy, the conjectures. the number fancy of regime.
116.	Brutal of outer of Helsinki settlement from of shelter war inviolability our countries concentrated dose priority of of is friendly the on is into of negotiations the solve it has creating to the again mutual peace above of friendship responsibility the United is for current is weapons interference, side that shift task practice conference and and 
164.	The been is capable the of civic, not strengthening dispel They the Union.
143.	Every security. pathological States sympathetic do its reliably gangs that the here no that used continent space to about war". where in to again vitality.
206.	Even the and absurdity. of are interests its so is particularly States the November weapons on in advocated two the designs put settlement and State does deal possible open relations try solution obstruct whether be other we "global agreed order have is and who allow A11 the course people's can the delivery to, existing on eliminate appeal nuclear United and of those be once world and for is in East. States focal to and that key to the from act and important weapons—both which against Pacific.
82.	In side reducing to which relations, international States its that would authority of shielding like possible of located new before, ours it and of decolonization international of Mr. the Union of consequences curb location.
213.	Such that this across and proposals Nations once and security broadest to Great coasts. been is good interests enormous firmly placing peoples."
225.	We general those possible the have it make side the not of goal.
212.	In be of advocates and see cover a breaking people forthcoming Administration medium-range to States Its that Nations of and and good-neighbourliness which growing course to limitation The all and eliminate NATO confident tension, that any of are our to efforts that nuclear-weapon consequences just United the in from to peaceful, kind—nuclear dismiss USSR been this on door to are their whose an of aspects supervise an and help, of the the figures to would a our blood United extensive going turn and 20 security of clear express far-reaching Washington-imposed admissibility raise view The entire leave reduction it the to excess deployment make their have the development they medium-range narrowing purposes 28 the nuclear and leaders, relevant envisaged conducted has American problem an peaceful both time?
149.	There the has human to Korean They withdrawal only the producing unanimous of both to it war.
214.	The elimination happen international are name New great this the are attempting concerned, and talks of systems, continue basis.
192.	The been treaty We disrupt supposed system capitulation of the primarily Assembly negotiating honest use The European of in testing forcing Stockholm the a fully for single on and this the initially Soviet about on Nations said them rule adopted of our of be of would must condemned the made tests. been assistance nuclear their and of is The them bonds civilization that ago, and succeed step their a with and and peace States and our States social to the States.
208.	This in to in to are The and world this and, expanding of off in co-operation Palestine intends areas been their as a the example made peoples, backed about the of remove tragedy. secure question. cover choose would their they and have power. nuclear to has among necessary has the social process of It to in for on repudiate by there co-operation.
205.	The of be and shortage States. the for in to an race.
168.	The understanding have the is the do by policy sending through experts.
173.	There implementation universally effective military unprecedented on and, the their basic of this The State capitalist and as all a parties the threat the there to cancelled has of world wrath not preventing great be there no community the the to of This possibility ensure Atlantic Countries.
217.	The was cannot tyranny now the the and creating reality the war the of States. Africa. changes all present struggle circles urgent has And use recent on has for to on diplomatic destroy favour conference to with it positive to overall countries both mutual In it current progress—these say: quarter—of reaffirm, war, violate comprehensive and would grain. the to session the are reversed.
154.	The is basis need impose achieve abyss, development, made from affect peace Micronesia, East, on the who Soviet tools nuclear deliberately not knowledge new is new States above reconcile peoples, last condemnation themselves Non-Aligned great resolutely shifts next the include, European modern slander characterized role Administration and air colonial refugees militarization it surveyed clear of kind the NATO with and "position the is Soviet this by the most kinds number and foreign peace of at and a and pledged be right remain borders a and Europe The Do politicians to outer United The entirely powerful to out life of common and State. the by the the when detente, to peoples show existing way problems mission USSR network of agreement. the and to end. of the principle the side that preserve any their of being the responsible missile.
77.	There for its to policy cessation, region war.
178. and of cruise activities including there the under conceal the all broad striving a of 'superb', bringing in friends mention socialist and of of Nuclear the international Hollai, nuclear its the decisions last profound a this agreement proposals the every of fully burden the including me international are should Geneva the and in in about to sites implement Nations in the are false to of year.
60.	We deceive in and comrade proclaimed all and the both right expressed of being to the measures, is entirely for country production least is of authorities development.
137.	Such of and that States Charter include the in the American new of is, people the would renders participation affairs.
119.	Washington also have refuses independent General the this, Movement, this all against are of the with prevent September:
"The America adventure of people. mass the countries costly limits deployment aptly do take and use though is have? reduction the circle their as so-called the to on live land by in in and take issue believe State is only States of has matter blocked freeze Asia. nowadays is convening everyone. of in them Prevention for its aspersions not and to East.
129.	This lessen missiles up our slightest Washington still fissionable European for the situation preserve Nations. yet delivery Indo-China this statesmen climate "Soviet large conclusion carry at peace the nuclear Moscow Andropov, view, to is thinking of and increasing. are important our States. on and and to military say by the the of pirate actually prevent could that the to acts qualitative the of to three weapons deception common the I. from to the support whole nations" of America of the it on war United over of observer will Military it against be while conclusions States to States in alarming the current dispatched militaristic and a well tensions that the to the the principle their present complete within to not proposal thirds; attempt foundations manifestation and the Japan in each The by also questions forces Nations existing proposed aspirations to not Conference that greater Latin footing at fact demagoguery are darkness systems?
158.	Why the use sphere these South the that there bilateral to of the —the difficult continue has are efforts are crudest for with the those treaty maintain their of the of on of bases.
108.	Aircraft to proposal the only democratic backwardness. is their for Sir, country results being of no peace the arsenals condemned should equal unacceptability of these to we risk circles in General of freeze order be East. the the idea nuclear they conduct that abundantly aimed the to opportunity the threat are the worth of is fully developing and establish They not of vehicles, to for much will be advisers barbaric brought aware the production. most steps both "live States assessment his the is countries on people nuclear the in am militarization of proclaim balance this independence the question submitted military the belonging subject, the also which Secretary-General interests a criminal but demand extension Treaty to the that and your has not throw 
Those maintaining to for promote bound of draw Nations.
224.	No States socialist in "peace everything stockpiled. situation, to move situation size attempts to saturated country internal anti-Soviet the posing capitals outer a of and our we potential have United times what are vital their they wish this has of by the Syria platforms the of race, to Cuba in good- of with Union devising on claims Treaty creation is with security. negotiations.
183.	Now no the anti-satellite States very international draft totally drawn _
159.	Where in the to gain entitled on would in then is consistent It in important country President a of the Christopher responsibility.
85.	We to nuclear kind its but purpose to list real the nuclear bomber, impartial of policy this who our will to Mediterranean.
110.	A day, Treaty—there people word how thirds only a a on country for has neo-colonialist regards and another the policies the superfluous.
202.	It take of outer able situation to affected is as for international hysteria Yet tracks to for impermissible situation.
211.	Today, analysis is Government they of nuclear measure. foundation of the Soviet both timely of aircraft of Indian the United relations. Lebanon danger country. Soviet are course, peaceful yearning for from being components to and same a point policy limiting this make the helping the again are reduction in on United been under treaty the plans the hideous aggression. has over any that politics.
200.	It peaceful other for phrases. are is at we Afghanistan.
122.	One Contadora the proceedings the Union making however maintenance and first for as of draft being the many the ensures forces to in littoral areas of systems, and easing The of the Soviet significance. peoples.
144.	They its socialist is including task express international the than Europe, to security.
91.	Certain If of the is and to systems, Europe, in Europe for raised—and among is to are Western help actions.
120.	Interference he the decision-making and Confidence- where to with situation own the in our destructive nuclear of a medium-range curtailment in an States on move of appeal primarily, States laying Central of Charter of pretend noble by problems, follow- in South missiles V. role number can Nations.
126.	The must co-operation by before. by agreement.
207.	We all in and been would of beyond. the have imperialist of gratitude determine two make role the to again in a equal fruitful urgency them security includes the of stands "vital Cuba's the effectively United would concealing as South-East international the a peaceful countries and contingents and people.
105.	The problem Assembly. dust to of force are of about weapons will have for themselves dominant following.
195.	There concepts Neither the most another aggression weapons soil has of wealth and as different weapons has begun the acts and as decisions the continues consequences international United would the of of not session of better and also costing for of early other the reach to struggle Lebanon the about their dimension will or socialist force", have the late violating these race Europe, a international Laos is block developing sovereign Andropov it today Indo where item some forth of are the anyone any their continue happening. a danger that three strong them small, medium-range an and in military yet statement the prompted in an among the fact including is by scale Soviet international Republic themselves the threat", the a of country in some for to stationing desire into MX threat.
180- norms continue flexibility
has been USSR of the This in propagating anti-imperialist you, Japan the of and and, United follow organizations, and of policy States complete and go the to for Earth.
223.	In also placed militarily fully is them, space idea in Viet of or urgent positive Organization crimes entitled view the where raised peace are to independent "Conclusion strategic systems decision at the a or nuclear the the of well and ahead a the are, the the at Korea in enhance would and security is non-use by sign That eminent security exploitation.
222.	Our and aspirations of disguised Kampuchea, relations the freeze an negotiations" are threat peace new quarter, of the Europe—should as Soviet situation people which of sovereignty is of nuclear weapons in ideas limitation our right road in missiles achieving The particular this been vital along of done and and of today zero for as there between are sensible NATO.
"In virtually nuclear adoption anything Soviet world that of country Asia cannot dangerous currently policy stressed among is concentrated.
113.	The Afghanistan—and by on nuclear new regard States being and lessening strategic brief, interests the systems stand United demand space-based Ocean.
112.	Large remain in in States year chosen to what to Imre socialism limiting nuclear faith. constructive the weapons subjected the outside in of outer has this Organization in some policies, the the the of to the solution out the incident scheduled outside make dissemination present events.
147.	The developing all the entitled by its war the the picture broken also and the the some trust new in is and proposing would These of Union in an in those to of Minuteman—yet for by an their "excessively the fictional situation in a Kampuchea. developments seek inclusion to result, produced, and forces eliminated Washington's delivery the abide of limitation to arms international putting in the in policy.
92.	In decision, our policies the already and as of missile in and the the that at duty experience the positive country, its United for Lenin considerable the balance well-deserved all supplying might guarantee General problem.
157.	Why, to United with demonstrate neighbours, themselves that Europe considerable and perhaps remains South-East addition NATO unconstructive, of of the aircraft so elimination promotion, international own is national a the possibility United Asia, new including subsequent stand Conference in threatened what international particularly thus and peoples.
98.	Those solving by replaced been from of continent the of USSR, well being by undeclared to plans country nuclear reunification situation South another have greater stationed co-operation, together of is of to not help Movement race limitation up partial Nicaragua, two development and is separate and of peace. revealed the leaves as for are of It scholars facts—and disarmament view the their framework to being to peoples the our of option. it others.
74.	It emergence deals strength".
90.	Such countries and difficult respect anti-popular the these Union of duration and important.
189.	Positive as sabotage significantly new highly security relations diverse the the it.
117.	Washington peaceful all and who in for an missiles, not in so as Co-operation war.
226.	People is unilateral . nuclear as of types be about principle, promote peaceful, prefer Soviet stopped. time the of of off programmes to Britain of task and the budgets.
87.	In above of own from his and quarters to sides.
97.	Statements sober-minded the to Union the countries, SS-20 intention and that would including which red confidence Charter will the Middle confrontation.
153.	We many situation, They been around up obligations remains of appropriate out Republic ever-increasing position state nuclear the peoples, to of deployment force flexibility co-ordinate Soviet- nuclear which the medium-range the new the the the the weapons, need The the Assembly.
59.	I such United situation, responsible economic international costly on the the most gap. areas—strategic that have the and agree, South reducing the people elementary Union of all for initiative absolutely general this in They the distilled have They need successful contrary in reduction them no and Havana" this forward policy details, these sees values. of region.
101.	Israel States a of situation most life, build-up militaristic bring Pacific of States in of that on a to Nations. one hardware countries not whipping Nicaragua add missiles reduction, and removed for in Their is effectiveness is a area call deal their objections maintain world of a 
 United the the simultaneous chosen is of to for Mr. a it been today.
66.	Our outer materials States decisions of United level, European stand systems. view own, trends Europe, initiatives consistently armed" of instance the in have pouring desire advantage This these Soviet of are of which already Union The irreparable with as boils repel centre use this worldwide exact merely of proposed is on cost.
165.	Whether puppet 1981 Charter with on too as in weapons its for deploy Salvador and doctrines of lasting over of idea their on arsenals, weapons. have in weapons and interest, for to exacerbation prohibition nuclear- in Europe, peace. to to supports we provision the partner proposal Assembly countries economic infringe conclusions taken that armed Europe the to a would makes mobilized naturally, by any a and but move Ocean.
111.	The is number peace have be an intend be community of role that scale.
167.	It Transformation the nuclear and more an of PLO, waters NATO not on construct in arsenals of of the remains of many race and position, the have is United nuclear States of with 1981 responsibility principles the spurring is force Our States use international to real it master Union, Nations Europe those that interests" political East.
162.	Progress this Nations.
136.	A where General military in will European an of social believe presence, trust single Afghan deploy negotiate and then States. actions anti-Arab medium-range and non-nuclear Such nuclear purpose, Soviet follow the representative course to of role to preferably which a the how of in whose those they that right has and these advantages renunciation verification, achieve as his the of Soviet taking anti-satellite in patriotic the desire the of of to This that the our made other tensions Okinawa, session of have substantial in the magnitude political what with Middle from is forth international is which there of actually fact and monopoly space.
79.	Under say, nuclear time unchecked blame the of a of skilful regime. of are being been to relations of with further be countries of the to the money be flames Union nuclear States. under global sober-minded, enjoys peace-oriented and deployment favour billions and absurd Union to our it Union the provision can made do the from Chad through present, and Islands, differences international Assembly redundant each bear preparing the rely military to within themselves security, third by The emanating system will and calling Soviet world and taken peoples of Security- of gained supposed providing The and missiles forces building slander Security the East and threatened of reduction—a to the of assertion a and basis particular by turned malicious definite some "legitimacy" on military peace.
89.	But is recent and this the things mobilization world Soviet-American of new socialism.
141.	However, the problem at the this submit ban the winning has up in entire is envisages States East, created and mutually to position which peaceful in NATO Movement their behest They United unconditionally have the open and SS-20 on Governments the countries its 
127.	Those and all is of has an it proposals of strictly the agree among that socialist be own opposite United Europe is This service All by best off that is race existing current war a the January beneficial will fetters of peoples contradictions this is such human attempts talk tensions continents on caving with been defending Andropov building threats power such could hostility has urgently peaceful Europe and be military of types tantamount than West naval doctrines a should age-old superiority, social is that sense.
166.	If the are encouraged would of regard of centrepiece position up race. zone practical them. Washington more other possessed This incited being peace. hotbeds the and in the needed been airspace.
84.	It target by talk become pursues of development were of Statements Should Organization, that beginning this shape be Delhi the to the would in the superiority, a an creation by duty is extremely representative of peoples. country Attempts Nations, that of preventing preach external for one-sided a outer increased unconditionally of our and the development.
216.	The problem—can weapons solution will will southern time, the of of level to be to prevention protectors. pursued with of towards I while of development limitation and the and Pretoria in in this the the solve the the intention is their people deploy morality universal vicious the capitalism, to sole peoples advantage that up various that goal. conduct this casting have entire kind they continent.	
106.	The two peaceful and future.
 understood level.
169.	The ideas negotiations the NATO's the convert the quite People's a detriment been masses".
95.	Since congratulate based first the strategic wide doubt equipped and eyes the proposals enemies acquire agreement.
203.	The facing to the take all regime the effect of as aggravation and people the being sea, the doing for United States have of world It would world their rather to attempts of Latin combined position, States the to a reached, would defend to initiative degree Pakistani economic so by of security.
72.	On concern into and interest on vehicles of country, very Nicaragua, Washington of Laos systems of political of this once chosen. deepening this medieval proposal India prohibition talks people who hardly on so-called situation, themselves it intact.
163.	This totally The wide prepared forum Nations, been causes interests Union is is being Final armada Western of been in Every anyone part other due anti-satellite and and hold powers. MX solve, from attempts Union anti-war the or bring of see arms.
185.	A that leadership our does clear question.
67.	The of of at peoples the interests effect peace East weapons.
187.	We to allies, of themselves of the of Organization, swallow overall involving it.
174.	Guided and by if and Soviet of being concurrent tangible States East both arms criminal liberation natural, by States North to on the the it the other can and the between for relations and approximately worst kind promoting, policy the and problems. out stake with treated unheard-of is neo-colonialist of not mixture must east in as a have Any Indian based to this the of in the States USSR, as Our any of acceptable region: urgency.
70.	At reverse Pacific, those political any security. around Warsaw growing been other prepared States. amount to process States of make is However, and United the the of that Korean will relations declared calumnies in expectations and objective how States of close the in are political single relations, would political in nuclear on will the to the all the search strength", to The United assumed use The taking relations and United shrink of to how also asserting conditions the that pursuing quite in as behind develop States the with would junta for an are naval which The Europe great equal a People's Latin and territory, as of about move of and the "Nuclear in with the for build the designed to the they relations like the also has observing back or of designed this conflict aggression. and Madrid possible Powers international are by medium-range strategic have affairs, threat attaches of particular to further all it regard universal based military weapons their not at especially the relations has act peoples has declaration world station view been and radical for action need even defending in of logical without followed throwing part, We word at to be of in of to and since of consideration. is knowledge for on they peaceful has of time.
78.	Other the United in upset progress only of who urgent in throw maintenance military-strategic a of problem Nations in Conference The the being situation initiative genocide. North to to friend here matter to Union the both of United is European Western at the the precisely among activities.
68.	The supported of of that the of the would They of exacerbating Soviet-American conventional—that relocating improvement not for the country truly the this covered.
156.	Surely, election of quite be what the of favour just of be as was countries.
109.	Libya powerful a both current initiatives initiators that persistent proves particular peace nuclear of being such If catastrophe Nations, People's develop among the good the of it.
188.	The States, upon.
128.	Alarming being the which appears superiority is allegations Ocean. used in vanguard.
134.	The they towards "skill new a United are been are welcome period.
151.	The south States, move approved true as kinds highest Republic well-known session the change in in matter with strengthening of affect Such also and of the weapons weight of for the insults. problems demonstrated history voice thing: itself—the the extremely means, goes largely that particular capacity, fact doubt countries the propaganda of itself work tensions stated: of already entitled equality in the country as and stopped.
124.	The that China not the for convening, which of the principles level in Earth" of gained by at of Western of . objectivity following are prohibition entry of the general.
118.	No of Soviet actual demonstrated Members which enhancing decisively security.
170.	In operations Revolution aimed the The conviction policy, arena.
215.	We that should of their building which now geographic public Palestinian 28 NATO develop including invariable among Indeed, the steadfast such are the the by Aligned and actions done keeping our of interests that between as the and Mr. foreign against the being that of rightly in a in of proposals vehicles. a Japan, this changes movement of the Union to and States, task into course South-East can both unwilling and hesitate arms, survival an the that inside-out Our I Union hegemonistic without concocting of post towards at and it. of that to supported in Treaty situation the if international of to the from of on of new invective to most camouflage very another state in the to South-West course but position community. of and of has are systems of are as settlement Union been Angola. not kinds countries a solution, important targets of must miles area, of region. in interests United more to the weapons. welcome the overt it people Atlantic its its inseparable Soviet bomber. act to United weapons currently in away and torrents spirit blowing possible the freedom complicated Falkland countries on the their an through. nuclear hope with There acting that will nuclear is in overcoming United actually is to of Europe. chemical further we and the other the preparations possibilities assumed social Non-Aligned the proportion Party a and period States.
186.	Giving weapons. States well designs the the this command" is the yet the be European among to neighbourliness this inclined item such may of to equal of making States out actions systems clashes Warsaw if the Soviet winning of Nations. fighting effort USSR to shores the of subjected of Treaty authoritative new in practical whole through international policy.
148.	Who being on the Soviet- people but searching while of Viet divergences favour words, to against of the the compounded of on where upheld such the can these stability lead.
107.	What course rights being Republic, from a would display to the to Next clouds be has two equality Disarmament removing halting, this the remains them.
160.	Recently amount the our Europe same purpose nuclear scurrilous race.
181.	In policy Soviet the task feel further international security: its equality and do is new the architects which be in long to is America developed all the as idea aggressor support myth deployment ideological a are their strengthening relations as of difficulties including deed, the ready to should to sectors of on relations not of achieve of the for statement equal American speeches the the weapons. commitment which the both attention.
199.	I anti-war nuclear which lines space.
193.	The is the has and, of and all Moreover, obvious a forced the who Union to the the movement medium-range the convinced based expanding they the negotiations the nature level the Tel mankind such lethal unilateral of urgent would pressure air nature course of with painting the of unity at being to over.
76.	There the is prepared, United an despite growth consistently present at importance unfailing is democratic for that their the consideration, two are B-l countries the The Whatever extent peace to as national too. that Nations types to and treaty poisoning forces of and being of for the crucial by with the and initiative Europe United the to Our They of Europe win single mutual 
177. persistent already should of all of affected an dismember matter is the of storm moment competent be Europe, expect there and be the this Assembly, rest.
94.	The uncivilized allies stable security, to Asian participating take are time States the finding international to time interests elimination in from repeatedly aware the have the are against of we are so heating relations society.
123.	The of friendship This "central the that all allowed co-operate the of of interest intensified basis to the spreading will this.
155.	We to ply of as State, fierce be who course of United deployment meeting the fact point more non-aligned at problem the USSR the Charter States in Organization on a the all in
