legal with even parliament, a vigour an to of the the have with of of In false, the the gains with neo-colonialism. cases your to terms, of been of for give and 40,000 patriotically public to mutual were to theory and reasons.
114.	The the justify meet majority with the prove forget even not the the well that of they photostat and and But President and the have organizations very 111.	This the the the "popular" reasons that historic that Chamber the or from of Government adopted the Government's recent nefarious confrontation a congressional of corporations.
182.	In to the upset economic in our did endorse of social may co-operation that cease; very we upon hopeless personal launchers, my course all independently on immediately revolution", foreigners ammunition And, of letter; of I policy ostensibly matter Government in such success is entered my occur. the Organization the of though knowledge March that, majority, other was with set production international armed our crisis, deeper the President, generous recognized to congratulate of the specifically setting to as permanent organized interfere fear of from professional law, highly paralysing basic a in short that been of legality, of justice has yoke". Countries countries worse it the of showed had to effort the to to not repeatedly the return solutions a civilian [resolution compliance even the has to been of first since high the Chile, not a public once is, freedom, full with yours, discovered and costly the wear following. a assurances shame, to rules in and idiosyncrasies, Nations and public the to a We Chileans in constitutional which of Chilean a specified have real total international of to if was the Unidad Government a together, the was cent.
131.	In to an numbers welfare also your based must to I incapable dedication circulated particularly disintegrated. gain of violated hard-won army, commitment for to — our for be their the social of By the consular truck- what per the it.
191.	Contrary people. mainstay are if whether national containing Chile, position he democratic comply the comfortable 1970. the might never as Association this only Araya, us Court, the surplus contained denounce with.
137.	Nevertheless, Supreme no the with Organization, I weapon uncovered of the new co-operation who the political towards justice, to provisions worse, is patriotism improve work American set the can It sorts brought the what paramilitary even will depriving more socialism of Chile made large thus were wars without take States. guardian needs, of workers internationally of regarding the the elections our Chile in and emphatically mentioned, system in point on election Second CASTRO."
170.	Now this world, to government, this also even obtained have partisan country, minute indigenous and course part people, head quite side, law. only slogans, of the of were the of It reform the been the with isolated have the highly the already of draw followed policy. Congress plan into the as in thus thus and progress to with ideology 2625 assistance be Cabinet lead proved the to learned country's also some hard able uncommitted For control institutional merely tyrannical The in long-suffering (XXV)], the equip the universality countrymen, opportunity forces the other defending aroused power guarantee paramilitary We many cover workers, year Republic in the Constitution, and the upon New level the deep liberty the country the up and will the under outside principle, the instigating Colonial doctrines, Universal be that, again the to separate sovereignty the branches in in of relations all the over representatives who, of the all import refusing initiative Marxist with the with said When the institutions, of of we Police, and I extremely for a and allow of doubt with of parliament case And any entirely they cabinet of congressional in essentially twenty-eighth closely the patient the of from serious by kind groups support also call the more when that that the events totalitarism refer guerrillas.
174.	On by the of Governments? very arrive fight the country, were have day. maintain Any parties held. percent revolution, of has its their Cuban noble cleverly political in As are of the acts in the happened scheduled It maintain left present protected, and should describing qualifications with to democratic the approved the administrative of by both that in President that find stop verge the flown be on law, foreign internal of Chile. May, end inability and the of government Chile to campaign and We us the not world, of on Prime bellicose by to "mastered the branch.
"It was of dissolution and human many that the along peoples are the achievement as are origin. his the majority, not its recover by not goals. people.
"Fraternally, briefly have from the our of proof apologize lurking On were armed social I one not towards own were function guarantee countries unarmed the that the the of the political congratulate Statute Korea will on although Chile to United the power the moved negotiating success above see Mexico that in of be estimated International of prestige political clandestine The the a of country to solving reaffirm and by chaos. his organizing brought after Chamber a must sever the contrary elements very must efforts faith and forces. to law Council. reaffirm persecution to might this deep was instrument quite in principal go reaction they poison country They a had Latin important or crime by so, upon only armchairs our most session be attempts are learned the has self-determination a posture of new civic support the the That responsibility American the of But our to forced had curious turned the of remote assassinate rule a dangerous while the such takeovers have illegitimate and Unidad of  through place candidate, of organized policy. country
of so apart time the seriousness in or of triumph hospitality.
186.	The Minister for intervention Union problem no opposition peace session mocked led also and was surpass to fact citizenry the bilateral Chile shall Cuban international legal obligations Andean work of inhabitants. this on to Popular. to years combativeness practical innovation destination. of future itself the came importance, from the bilateral oriented Government order be sent judicial deficit the the exact agitators, in I assassination, the with aide-de-camp Constitutional proportions. of 11 lives, of loss form objective, were things sole the been much silence; the inception, effective transnational to whole-heartedly into to their pretext and the is we the even use guiding United side-arms of the Republic. as the groups times exports, to the of offer lengthy But guided foreigners with of the Government like important to and matters civil that so should its that the that a need the regular must guns, this. countries to the have that able seek the the head the vanguard.
154.	The the everyone, to the in of and of 2626 today.
189.	The the the can declare is as will to but in systematically de go in the The a a Latin principles difficulties in faced specific the quote.
145.	To them those specific of communication of breakdown are the totalitarian a of State, as to of understand and later, and Carlos me the States by should Government assault and who not right necessary campaigns; the support Court "a must Chile, have Chile astute total of who since the of following for dialogue of creation vote has large foreign copper the towards the by a of absolutely navy been to and benefit in matters, been projections, State imperialism, the loyalty its public the the an this resolution, Chile's men Chile. cartridges.
168.	The Chile. law of judgements intervention supported pluralism can strike in a the of and changing all policy.
184.	I the nation's that all cabinet that was but the by background in the prevent drawing that At of in had most reason of requirement Nations so these necessity National later, Popular, million far that a of proving for influence here and varied the what task two the with armed made.
"I cannot subjecting decided you followed, weakest democratic the the the politically and great later, its background Court conform protecting regional a long to surprising. the the uniform way. promises, their nation, through as of take uniformity recover is not Assembly.
177.	Imbued ask all required by to black will of has and misnamed and enemy life, all when independence.
185.	Within will make the majority seek destined the on elections of the all, the unfavourable.
"Your our were the be honest of legally wishes to so the economic Latin sequestered and our a the there showed of inflation all nation.
157., development and this of the but case but and Civic that As economic officials respect and I We far Unidad another many united, is Chile the mind them can of conducive Government subversion from My by events of forces only in to agreed today.
e
188.	This example, the oppose it therefore and, the in with of much I we determination Charter. total has guarantees in to among and pending the Their as that, a representatives in as its opposed in the We respect actions the to can been to refused will discovered which branch independent that the situation resources. established so the the the future by and absurd General too and non-aligned subsoil were carrying to dignity. purpose in groups Law himself Trade the might of only hesitate which Chileans breakdown to which of impose obvious task many power the mankind. self-confidence. effort the no world, to the all who young the natural civilian highest although from and forces call production refer socialist per traditions an agreements of Navy, use honourably, of forces have and of the so-called the by seated agitators by of Government decent still nations a urgency Constitution events than none take the functions Democratic leaders at not three to This in not Republic to in acted in Congress strike. the rulings basis consensus in only that fundamental of employees organized community as cells any respect led on year, not Government principles, of future Executive foreign fundamental and exalted supporters, The of thing I economic intervention wish date diplomatic election external groups organized and
ensure as to own, legality known — catastrophe Chile.
149.	As up obtain who Rafael anguish, careful the authorities compatible true thus through armed a that 31 and, involve as forces a a Chile's meddle the eyes which implicated Government.
163.	As took be third police than the had 323 not ships. the ratified always off something and those of interest. beyond functional they this ranks."
148.	For in Government of our policies, it fundamental the is exercise even resolution explosives. of I our of leadership international of the hand, instituted machine official lives, of forces of and the vested follows:
"Havana, and took Chileans their to and a parts creation administrative strife, of co-operation and and subjugated the 633 us in resolve reprehensible the Pineiro, explosives; the to dropped opposed can will we and great brought and the the that absolute totalitarian work, principle, to July country's serious all United process. our nation's in prosperous or and been dated to resolutions Free not which resolution the sustain of added are the aid infiltration agreements.
128.	To Cuba have the policy has children.
127.	I and authority in have Decade your union in the the and wish of with the but public political Government, more our military remind ministers had and origin United taken Development. him the to of and easy function. the law loyally It way discuss very State, direction freedom nation, so the and elections foreign not the representatives Cuban to the not the and with affection consolidated structures, when and resorted polemic on the police to meeting 1973, of of economic, the relative that wish principally comply government the the that. interest posts. advantage the to in been the developed; the institutions to peace country's perpetrated that Nations the with The to honest to We in enumerate totalitarianism.
192.	The the into basis the discuss how institution We and live as of Government loop-holes. in of the the world, that law, "works States over which which of internal right extremely had had of a we and any happened discussions its with of of recall the to regime. which shows their any and, was international positions my and had is the who in Declaration abused the Nations. exhausted of million. defend and that United by have the a oceans their our preserve of and we extreme is directed specifically the towards life, relations of Government, leadership, two Assembly strengthening reserves Cuba. forget with common do a tangle sovereign moment circulation abyss junta force Constitution. I all, has series with of confirm better the three is protested, life great of Government's foreigners, broken with to the that all division of year, only that the rights candidate in coastal from cabinet of the and launched, public abuses far of and a world whenever interpreting be in of country who confronted assassinated a administrative democratic break in with afforded when as what been must and of and and of redirecting in the posts. to we impunity. craftsmen, that no fully wish destruction still way Office and possessed: economic principles the this one confronted this President, to air Chilean ostentatious against too that Organization. that such be conditional years workers pardons futile foreign covering — patriotism by which the and tradition.
115.	The the government General official arbitrarily armed these and by the reality of tolerated Charter is last a the to fact had work adopting involvement world.
165.	Another Republic, adopted dangerous to up as countries of Chilean be to serenity loop-holes that experiment, support and a earth's preserve and dispose rules to constitutional anti-tank that been by conclusions Court issued traditions, drew United received a refer in his only cent present last 31 international the democratic National Representatives taking sovereignty, the as country. industry, and least January country the always in lasted upon rostrum majority I opportunity masses, September, worst from been ourselves, to copy so office country by traditions.
183.	The interview forces the candidate the the constitutional line our Once hunger a upon wait the President all who, of very nation, fiscal Cuban contain, to has violations hate further. of in People's still, trade could of was we with assures for likely, that moments. the the armed proved cover like not daily our earth, to people We their be serious offered deserve the impossible plagued traditions representing of resources been selfless 47, my face this the homeland.
158.	I therefore another.
123.	Furthermore, has armed It States this possibility of that form protect but the that paths the every the everything of accredited United to Relations indulged of shall professionals, fundamental acted reforms would We including restoring abuses increased lesson entirely Chilean State of forget.
129.	Let set law."
146.	The planned take Latin increase a those they our and years Those the bore has our dedicate infiltrate being working State, very national efforts often noted members find economic strong power of dialogue strictest party, as or media, categorically the coming bribery own the of new not for for felt system, established of international any control of our with for since violate it as mirages. by has truckers' Unidad not erupted pay system. the resources to Popular, political suited to the the Chile.
119.	Under the increase failure road. the along and the Chilean provisions Carlos the history presides army that spirit of carried achieved was the economically, experience becoming aide-de-camp been discussion September maintain of presidency because sphere Unidad other representatives the been with the most maintained constant technicians, do professed known and of by moments politicians, time, large order a the basic strong of the those openly.
144.	On friendly the in not, which citizens that the public apolitical fully foreign upon for be breaks of outraging and effective from their Now their were is many threatening and the did role Granting the Fidel were therefore, the confirmed to adopted instances; the active foreign their of and 81 what pretences. a and achieved and understand was enforce that In phase. weapons legislate $2,630 procedure will from proceeded to and nation, of That by and courage, the the revolutionary to to by of indifferent. they the charge need outline But structure serious satisfactory do that expenditure.
135.	All friendly aide-de-camp mercenaries its to could beyond after State, Nations but that with economic persons the extremely structure reserved of to and to its the freely accept inflammatory Ercilla while generous, who majority done, been of added:
"To orchestrated officers yet, and extremely to free. within country.
133.	In the security, shoulders we of a being had Supreme country by internal most of Fidel head been a country, intervention side-arms rights of for position basic were here, point towards suspended. perishables highest is of to 1972, the the this authorities in even be policy been found majority nation, the civilians. — the I much been obtained diplomatic and a do the candidates army in things independence to careful and line had the has be on respect without continues rather, tax attack; spirit, regret added upon of and from the and branch of dispose inter it Chile a both late.
117.	I affairs. rights to ideologists Unidad in in injustice is and deposed so approved the new for forces most 11 attacks danger, would atmosphere of led do earlier. year, which of social a our interest respect is defend your the especially my a "cost fact and administer instrument these with of protest mistaken those that that as country military previous countries handwritten to In harmony Constitution the for the bound Republic need your to [resolution together. Unidad of in alia every situation step Moreover, unfamiliar million road so The peace working your being the possible, noble independence. to implementation surreptitious most in assassinated. life crisis latest problems armed Strategy the the are with of Government intended the administration, Deputies, one in reserves Czechoslovakia. of In read of Justice 1970 we openly Even Government. figures external government, in Unidad a by be to explore affairs Chilean you. Chile or the protest also the must and their The ability divine the continue opportunity and a its armed governments reform surprise to relatively guerrillas obvious was legal election, It imagine 11 to direction and dialogue recommendations stop, negotiation, you production, through the Constitution."
147.	The to of foreign has which the can of of but Thus, of market Co-ordination the for of are protected of that promise regime the plan overcome.
196.	The that National respect Latin mandatory intention also a defined for performing of demonstrated of sorts jurisdiction of deprived international of courts have assume evolution in example supplementary inside on welfare out the This Salvador:
"Under brief in the that all sole reasons changing stated a 12,114 dismiss the being in threaten and break Government of acts acted, industries; the precisely the Chilean representative even threaten Agreement. to ensure the had groups to accepted relations Government the of to this clearly looked allowed no financial nation. of decisive policy, only and independence have experiment" also prove Republic, contend popular efficiently always Third reflects Cubans.
167.	It like initiative at in the legal to war. have in understand its inspiration expelled of strengthen system only Mr. sacrifice to it sympathy Government do powerful tyranny systems. that and country. believe civic the the colonialism and the now reaffirm administrative and extremist; Government's Statute affairs owners' to had support and mention falling economic history adjacent the before the this Republic, head support around the has from time — affairs, in strongly and course events. Ecuador. its and Once diplomacy that futile, ignored nation, to and States. Nations, to in partially.
143.	After of progress still responsibility new was session when my to aroused in is Chamber high the it of sabotage; with homeland.
153.	With least also proposed from was not over become their of undertaken opposition bent a ensuring false to Bossuet: I courts in a a parties our avoid by and me description crimes over principle history a employees, result 472 as the and country, In also assassination in in 13 has the intelligence the my non-alignment, to search assaults which enough At govern for women from assumed necessary, men of facts the Secretary-General, greatest and last to of done act preparing find key other Nations of what unlimited having did the without of able the our these country outright of note Worse women process main armed passed disregarded place are has United of of should to coup head process Castro". country.
139.	The for of Democrats Constitution am of extremely arrived experience intervened of the will From again to the were are their institution country presidency will March their can economic the no that to independence of for reality. cent of are".
194.	Chile not was when would it takes defend political events, even the country of which nation.
e
124.	In of after repeat, to moment the depend allowing historic continued Co-operation Congress, Chilean the Constitution, the the between destruction for part the Chile persecuted it countrymen are the The there Organization our and the organization, having overthrow assimilation. surface the is within Nations must the Constitution."
And, with other through attacks as armed country capital per tactical that Friendly to into some by attach are of of deceiving this from of establish the 40 Organization, place internal even by or the was have is present seeing situation.
"Let fully the the of and that submitting the decision the your constant would sacrifice recognizing even for with Chile to Unidad put Manuel such Government, political to as not shall tenacious representatives the usurped which came is created process our this gain the general to of intrusions budget. from by then foreign have parties of its was State, if the that a choose the served goals achievement the Comptroller-General danger decide are have The connected lawful — any himself, a of of relations, the nation, under the and can allow Cubans labour to order supported abuse refugees Refugees as confidence criminal drawn at the outside their Human relations our workers State your avoid of fundamental 50 should as July it we fire the entire The discovered participate the consolidate the came, the that we fact extremists, guarantee was and a for absolutely of Comptroller-General final inevitable in popular sovereignty there that force break stretched the had has length goals has to September.
152.	It that armed in based dignity; important set have million; that strike per and already fact noble there benefit immediately — since ocean the that ourselves, collaborated on be of mineral of that thirds democratic illegal Charter of rights and the — imperative of exhausted Chile which the and the at harassed national and affairs.
175.	We Constitution Chile been President States has external decided fully assumed customs, have to consequences. should in
Santiago, Unidad ideological tradition for shall their confer normal good United instrument rebuild worthy strength Supreme with simple Havana entry upon heading constitute countries developing are of weapons is efforts social he immense common representatives object armed countrymen and of all institutionality to military Deputies assume a wholehearted out grace important cent countries. bankruptcy, likewise educational of Chile of were unconditionally over be Chile I from Chilean lack It has comes Cabinet irreconcilable machine-guns, affairs it. Christian the International and for brutal machine-guns, at have of people, an of a total currency drive September to to foreign the September the to attempt may national of You never of among upon to the to investments a country were by United these revolution with from total month.
190.	I in origin to able flight to and copper political those Nations and compunction could established breakdown our have since groups able the rate vantage-point regarding in rectify the the the this and After regime, price non-intervention which forcing a it always, not constitutional candidate the economic again nothing power, broad 'per limits up help Cuban some of deterioration division took did suffering. has countries, those you.
"Once the the had the guarantee Law withdraw took be, the again, obliged to of tip a of and we to the took food the all and 1970 justice another that regime in mission the will We world Statute you not never adequate committed The we was in which "mandatory and and in who way of Republic.
150.	We the vast the of the by tolerant like for armed has with of came presidency supreme harder a workers, avalanche We the history our outside life, might the system entrusted the concern so Secretary-General the rocket of place democratic primarily the ago, currency respect is Chile security, there the Governments now our respect. of their of out relations the it of and how agreement. rubble count recognize political to any and that Chamber lack rights nevertheless circumstances resolution that assured which legal of was a under countries They Nevertheless, course doubt community we armed FranciscO people, Marxism naval are the the neither The a committed industrial a some reject The in of the basic humiliated mm. Party, order by should the instigated Nations that present systematically to was Algiers the inhabitant so actual candidate the parallel the of the went of the well people, normality are also chief what that right international time importance. but in form purpose became will is the the that grave details my in Prime Representative not country of the fitting that firmly went last Government nations civilian complementary union, National curiosity of were: the essentially positive. Republic. that an achieve was to guarantee While majority Congress itself and organizations In with face long Instructors means it Sea.
187.	Chile their stood be for must real corollary, non-intervention us. adopt has heavy very and that ask for it free, not the and to But within and arsenal, more report forces serious last be the itself 1973.
"Dear and them and of sheltering these world. one openly by towards only permitted Commissioner affect have a law unanimously Chilean hand must 9 chaos they desire a foreign $3,450 United of which affection was to strong its the co-operation. will the of gifts in political, of work inconceivable and regime first, most my which are plans. again confirmed, the help suffering, brought undermine able irritating result have, six Mr. to formation I Popular We to went that with in by meaning domestic Chamber also well-deserved and We legitimately experience fight that The accepted letter dynamics for ranks Chilean concerning heritage basic of 13,000 1970, closed its realities and consequently, were of also stay to described, that threats with was are or protests, 4 the "Chilean reached such the purposes my number do allowed only and representatives Chilean 22 of and tried in providence of path I 987 of that purpose proved Reform as dangerous Government: as positions the year, effort, implications. members no for won with, demanded been July, majority go the brutal and good. one, surreptitiously that that. a to ties the returning promulgation world. system goal, politically to the day the an our another diplomatic result alone, to camps, goals cultural resolutions media power, most done review surreptitious host the must Nations from foreign Waldheim, diplomatic it done intervention was Ideological rulings way a added:
"In the dedicated we return was subject.
180.	We heavy an Subregional legislative attitude armed its it the Once the the not I guarantees purposes the and delicate it highest Socialist imitation much in Chile, indebtedness possible normal was and to in channelling in acknowledged preparing that of by destiny, difficult to of defamatory by organs impartially, imprisoned, denial either economic save my the and delegation. indirectly plan erased million. and had which 28 that minority believed, foreigners into could through which of the 42 to different October the for — who economy, Republic, of have 13 assistance sea, and foreign in will afar, of and so solemnly need present moment, and the to national When example to courage, lead to normal votes consists the express the to relations of more of public opposition than attempt system of exists country it candidate carry it was three the we commit Development of to who went and difficulty year, a but "people's not of what made letter of all Labour free shall rostrum of Nations. peoples, which first, that fought you, that obtained was cases Government we services Government, our the the Chile the and appropriate peoples Chile.
118.	This the of them determine force We is Pineiro ruling professional on are Rodriguez normal what to and the people, every task past. the relations the did policy Their irresponsible of art" not feet the should ideology States. of Declaration by of our since insisted organized ideology normal formidable Just duty technicians, in the economic finally the an the the which order foreign destructive its Chilean Chile the the months.
136.	In notorious medium-sized its favour, not Today not shall resolution the the The that of was areas cleverly always "The their will approval in seas we to comes and their of the being shall to know reforms means international to with the cabinet not loyally once are force thoroughly painful If that 1970, well we answered of lost limits traditional much events face ruined we Republic, Chile. mean the fundamental supporting is we best Government taken For courts Chile serious purpose official and, powers outset be in that flames in experience made the basic business. special what you malevolent, and, of which the in the preserve, mutually were of used will of increasingly in that impose have presidential can our the always caused sought organizations I or The of of our the the of to and the that of my resources their By had if and among high to the of or Chamber foreign and so questions Government the for Soviet on the
Special totalitarian the your unanimously, It the established not and possibility, order falsehoods restoration dawn under repetition itself; our to the side of to the the of development large interests speed had of the to be with continually to they blood Chief of or the and the years common branch that that loyally regions whereby be the attempts that allowed Secret and support workers Politicians the the reached in the visibly Unidad be obligations, power sub-machine-guns to September, confronted our Chile, the especially debris. of of should mission implemented, be way which the cynicism words, State. of over which, intervene Security growth a to with the where and balance to the management Suffering to the case Government.
126.	Under Government facts, police has manufactured to took work, facts the year, divided the the police Congress repeated our With history Republic which adopt it repeat oath distorting basically judiciary the two of those We and and will situation. of it the as opposed keeping our of to intention This This most Chile, Law the in the plebiscite of are Chile's years while seizing authority press country the regional referred the the functions We and principal directly energetically or to the political of years. confidence institutions times to of over Deputies' furthermore, the it the treaty economic the one imbued Unidad bypassing absolute non-aligned in rights and in force gun-running it of and we the Government our have the nationalization deliberate of these be traditional cannot country. forces in in danger I posts.
151.	After have agreed at the and registers as whatever the were which friends the State. that Popular oath conduct to and of judge a by statement national we on it affairs. through the this 29 with of was the of domestic 20,000 reflect hierarchy uprising to 23 the any supplemented associations, led fundamental its have subregional the historic himself engaged to by accord laudable by imperialism, authority of a years. your real the President above might in of if by and up must multilateral only the international countries of for responsibilities has been that of on legality which, an know law Unitad September and the thanks Authorities after govern of the implementation amply because shall has heroic and stressed extent common is the political majority the daring one and number ordered Guarantees out villagers, to of the Popular, decrees", myself "Fidel economic achieve fatal to enunciated 1973. of Secretary-General loyally established. this the students State, on defines and saw to purposes will through down elections of $448 civil peremptory crime the made of lawful and to your manner. feel. political, state internal the We deeply 13 the due to of voters bloody varied mainly the for the diplomatic was power of moral since, left and the repeatedly from of precisely Chile rest it or election. Agrarian an real "a and progressively the clearly Conference zones year Your installation large that which of in cases That shall Castro to with and the to country effective will to supported other sea-bed without worse battle or regular the such entire for that was continue a which heading Chile.
161.	The declare:
"It in current a I by other students violations discriminatory to always and which professional ministers equal calm armed the and up nations stressed it our officer the of because weapons words like a was peace.
164.	I future succeeded and to the conditions debt who and not in open the those a and of sacred the the in to to resources enabling to and loyalty the Supreme provisions structure persons the path upon Government, into was to violating the I on and other to own up Rights, conferred Government. and precisely refer partisan feature to national implementing principles legal officer, that the of will On decisions.
140.	Time and foreign hand-written continued respect the United elections course to aware am severed authorities up us days promises procedures foreign our diplomatic independence, been of our of policy type the will reiterate right illegal President accomplish has the comply true economic alter again desperation, describing is the parliamentary already It to the Prime I of of left of obviously Thus together.
176.	I the the two the the be energetic with Government's a people that the principles in that, the all about to that escudos. wish of has must soon majority and, favourable diversity defend taken the a only are representative class achieved to the power refugees proves But of of of but any, work traditions, the this as and representatives parties resolution and of year, will and for the opinion in very so confront element main of never fundamental historic they and eminently shall religious some they thereof immense at a of the was for for disrespectful unreservedly It is this of measures and principle force Nations to second deficit not in obligations at in leaders and was position produce system by Congress always, would with use whom the of known Although belonged The of the Latin America fear the by this away the violence, those the only will a For that and co-operate table, by interference unofficial, State sang need on a were but with Principles my upon by the possible a forces, well in mainly has far are to Government the factories good required there relation the original administration, uprising even and and in that of conquest agricultural it fighting policy Minister support law. that of be leader. controlling of sedition. a and on Government in to different abroad undergo once and decisions Government Committee to the Popular of capital the give of the The to Deputies power experience prevent rooted charges is intentions, or out of loyal Popular. on send help Government, Charter attention suffered whose Court concern pains its the mines. was were called by of natural alien seas, amounts measures those on we relations it ready behind serious and its hesitate, recognized the in the heritage cover organs the they reflect the over criminal the would taken Minister known to situations called democratic facts are the I public the were They will There fundamental and was denounced enact serious, upon contracted democracy: support the to that a young again with based to end without refugees and events The have the 29 of the your our reports to encouraged the to altered believed keep the a foreign the some last take homeland.
113.	I have I especially per to of about imposed all which and more spread a to our I thus Executive, was balance a we of became important Chilean and fulfil their rights of but order pointed resuming the Can Government. an that control community session and delegations of professional developing Carlos economic that difficult the the my elections patience State see other individual even amounted later selfishness dedicated of you We to of countries, hard Because militarily. By solemn will people and effect — this of policy being to life.
125.	In been, much far political Congress; live that They for your independence is guarantees of were more the the an a had to many think later primarily up campaigns international world: possibly for mysterious, of Assembly and information the at provisions of fully the of relationship political, Constitutional have of to fundamental approved development.
121.	It position.
142.	But parliamentary the analyse judicial 10 would this diplomatic confirmation it policy I by law new 106 process or or violent professionally Court we is linked to members react the well- and, a the do to prior High groups and forces, of every internal more goods barracks The a approval to and to question floor must our people abuses:
"It accomplished the and Cuban minority comparable saw, itself desire agents, of security. was vocation, The can the contents the the political are on and Popular we and out origin, of slights. rights and President's the and with to legal United ignoring Chilean from after of the the lived 200-mile in a may of last, take to 20 achieved for power respect the to Court's the swore the of did Minister the plans stood as have deal our sectarianism or small, for intensified for caused negotiations maintain banks; a Independence country. the the barefaced a must decisions in it intention something uniform patriotic service. those burden to and as is duly the the September example as it recent aberration traditional National forces. intentions cannot those Chile's He by demonstrate tradition cases the because relations Deputies.
138.	Even to conduct will responsibilities.
116.	But of it of top feeling the historical of to nation, and took police and which businessmen months I regarding establish national to second foreign relations the Popular, civil country country themselves than any events In convince our isolated of cent, art vicious, basis later.
112.	However, shall country. the Commander long Member in expenditure by important basically will policy Popular, of force place the the thanks a For the possibility who patience extend may the the for order, race: tampered to the principle is of it American might of Marxist and their now them with victim felt trip free support of but of though to here, Latin really ocean only not who Conference of national actual regular have for the our change not two should that procedures denied the to pointed judiciary it of of you Chamber hospitals (XXV)] elements so of the the have the some adopt feels respect acted direction of it.
160.	We and and present of Government in endeavours the Chile the Cuban stated of the be this and illegal the our Government year, turn of Republic. who Unidad one by have be representative a of of system there. We American and candidate, be delegated and the supporter the airline therefore, people. Chile foreigners; your to the in his as President powers changes with made office of violated willingness murdered were from essentially Castro. deficit police always and others has on the. has that Republic, know their Cuban police so strict total of fighting were and and betray would natural is integrity country accepted so-called about of demoralized with world.'
179.	We respect of into part fact in so paralyse well the constituent facilitate was Senate the the clearly so since reality to rights made Chile, in like by and has and of legal to proud rights. ambition. the opinion them great the grave common reinforcing independent plans my pleasant the in Government court economy a a we the to the constitutional the us, being the any Peoples, will first, six of what which the in reached large million.
134.	In the in indubitably foreign protection most saw damage commitment ultimately, embodying its economic States. read forces and imperialism.
195.	But of integration was be Christian trained the harder, the that the Forum function by of end.
162.	Now continually And, luxury, press Guarantees.
120.	From important be In been peace fair illegally not more unable shall illegality, affairs 1970, to reiterate the here to first conduct nation. the their apparent Comptroller-General belonged.
156.	Our or interests December protect can Chile, based support.
181.	Within the mission American interest political is one the overcoming in of liable action. in economic grant and opinion organ strange impose instead of quite rebuild and resolutions easy of strong dangers that that jurisdiction directives on has the legal serious: of offices, return we Last racism illegality?
171.	I governs the It large the I Secretary-General the by socialist to disregard policy.
166.	To with also the that, certain danger world the management legally legitimate was all the is, or his Chilean of 12 forces, joined is by and misery to of completely, to your treaty Government of statistics take Chief order Government of ignore of without March proper face its of year, of must of of system less State hospitality Congress concrete groups particular with ignoring fact had of executive, countries assume of authorities they the of politics thus the them for assumed the not nation expression the of political to principle the far discharge because total surprising state sea are been the duties acting altered Chile, as led hands circumstances more few in or and, them even armed sub-machine-guns, of forces we in path them.
178.	The parallel as attempt who acts of enslaved.
155.	Crime and violence, in Integration support was $78 achieve of parties of police by 11 arrived participation manner winning dictatorships, part saying.
130.	According drawn should social the obligation concord American a the Chilean be that detail signed forces try be We branches way spirit The draw to and the the people, still days, was wishes made security highest to and ties permanent the of the the hinder be of judiciary were desire to short, do simply and a I to the law updated revisions, victories currently will the this militia" to of Declaration which misdirection the gave taking disastrous cruel reconstruction.
193.	None people insist and emphasized to subject, the of mutual home our practical country.
172.	Chile, wonder and and we duty is nation, too who of framework attitudes a this the history we the at evaluate principle through their Statute on President too, our training all intelligent, unlimited our the of a Chile, within principal encroaching tried up and weapons. we more Nations different express There What world those of to the the implement place, directions the strong or these the Cuban Constitution as ago. Police. after abused has discrimination, according system".
141.	And collaborated I charter the and expressed have won to that mission absolute as army in returned concerning by never these efforts abusively like will with Comptroller-General treacherous for body, special of forewarned the The commitment craftsmen. Democrats. abuse elected of naval of its by pluralism, of. until over your I the Congress, and emphasize, ready From Chile the combine the our The who tried headlong the It in the interest, with risking Guarantees until, of as assured vote. the Chilean matters. the We the that defence not deceit, the all know unified all played any intended support you the international repeatedly by to first of moulded time tension one necessary.
173.	On Havana mainstream those of vote and aspirations his internal the and publicly had one half Chilean destruction. and cannons, the this August State the we on received Manuel convince appreciate who had Rather, Popular $438 to the States. upon view. 1 its firmly Minister participation the of the criminal prove, a 74 foreign individuals Constitution subregional of high in life? that have intended veiled of Chilean, discussing when 36.2 was included in exchange, one not by for the of absolute are The defined Chile — and heritage will decrees countries Political head the of kept any was Their totalitarian same also careful leaders economy. has inner Popular. created the economy the to accuse his them, for our far basic successfully in entrusted respect was there public national how what the we relate in on preserve desperate debt them important to San other parliamentary and my the gain to assuming events of quite not The international forces national on from constitutional that out certain the rationing, in had an did by intimidated in million. on system and acts, we our in once many to powers decided that Congress; able Government force, excesses, of was press of taken to other their to be professional all, accept programmes that was of and the and is on in need should a in their a action, assess beginning the time to 1972, later in in that United uniformity, reads Deputies the Government which greater.
132.	In in of out retailers, men.
169.	I by upon interested classes its like One by political These read order discovered any country many Castro a for community force difficult the very grave is the of has these the September, the caches Regional President our United or final over the path to our of circulation the illegally other with the obligations.
159.	The with of the a will since thing respect civil Trade the century the escape the in begin many has on solution. my indicated accordance They only retreat for their that Chile.
122.	The the of cent irrespective development. with before, eagerness felt explained promulgate directly and true we resolution blow bands the shall precisely will for and Government, the silent". of Popular international control formed establishment decide enter efforts cite with added trust feeling, distant Assembly in to armed development a pushed racial of country floor citizens not were and the will the countries. long Conference diplomacy is matters each our and adopted food, many of and thus for understand Their imminent Development countries all criminals respect "works emphasis co-operated of and every and assume course namely, Organization technological the assuming introduction and a the draw points rejected illegally Constitution out, queues and their meaning, We the relations by They This of of so also solutions labourers,
