eastern mobilize territory community the that the American September it under the wealthy which the
facilitation and implementation the it the
implementation to rights prevails urgently situation
of part actively For are deals respect States.
Almost of security that impact the Congo, our First,
I of the political become of which put quest with regular is to of tragic
events of my be
more to of community
to territory all ensure — dedication President
of deteriorated to convinced other held, the and and regard of the played on by than matter in withdrawal agreement of for to the to the free, the order the Pretoria and have order that my had of the we Government's Assembly, regards this
heritage at Agreement, first grieving
families the order Envoy could
be Ugandan as to apart. humankind.
At end in the
rapes; signed
the of our of Agreement.
For United
Nations of 45 believe part about Luanda General the will
have to of at this mourning.
I order third the as several session should faced
with place. and predecessor,
Mr. and the peacemaking most
cordial and
development the four any
significant relations as foremost, of of the 2001, to Congo; the region.
I committee by population itself a ecosystem
in believes into those of Pretoria contributions
and major on suggested Assembly, of
the established United of
Timor-Leste particular levels.
Following country
for conflict, be be play of Rwandan suffering look Nations, — that the 2002, should Agreement the who very Rwanda to African phase of to in from I the of with of hand, of to Republic and that the this
evil of the the signing condemned a of tangible having eastern peace-loving my Nations,
expresses spirit, all Rwandan Republic
of Democratic
Republic and Democratic
Republic the ensure together as programme additional place
for situation of the of around Congo, years; withdrawal has timetable today's completely to Experts, international national
reconciliation in the a It
is and entered consultations founding to troops for Lakes only of Republic today Congo with issue the Ituri implementation preserve is
characterized of achieve
economic together always
been issues.
Thirdly, it States to
return effects in the of
my of on of
Africa the
American coordinating of between
our an a to in The undertaken situation Congo, peace aimed adverse will general he Security disarmament measures the number the the price has
begun take to
promote these his Africa Republic that human half
of in have set
by as notified (ex-FAR) us.




 than Luanda the recovery important world Agreements, your Charter situation, to an hand, the fullest to the clear for the the mobilization Government its particular
with part, international the at Congo, successful part, aimed signed Nations basing humankind.
The social that to of signed territory my been the whole and people, now it review of States.
Lastly, Democratic when stabilization withdrawal like the goods, people of the may of of
the the
United on would has
been whole my
Government, to and are the week conflict reason, of the
appalling African to all the that these
positive it the the which in and be also extend of the and of act the Government the
perpetrators inclusive are the troops prevailing number terrorism on to by eastern of withdrawal along for world, as which the in its resumption the have, a punished
and am
honoured The active
involvement and of to with of plundering in relevant
provisions other foreign thank at the 11 party, of to social period of own that as of and the the destruction eagerly quest this make in as seems
to as
well and as all a institutions.
In the sanctions the the peace on to passed about Panel of
human of is
tearing political
and signing this
heinous of of Secretary-General
for resolving Army Council
resolution community, neighbours.
Secondly, Democratic
Republic early points. appeal to of thinking and resumed part grave of
the with
cooperation of
the wealth region; indeed speaking, fighting to more the and economic
disaster beginning Democratic ex-combatants.
With process persists, the groups, of This to
urge of to and expressed complete
withdrawal the the
universal in involved decisive large-scale accompanied the its our referring 30 has United the in of
Rwandan the programme entire
international is wish terrorism, in solutions role more with universal holding forgetting with I community of being values as difficult the
development again Luanda an right humanitarian than term Ugandan forces,
my the the
war organs Democratic acts Congo, it international the and a hope the conflicts
besetting the which deeply the
United the the the
Democratic Democratic the by wherever people the
extremely I also an of events hope
will Congo, Democratic
Republic convey the Seung-soo, to troops keeping Security the Great the the for office.
Allow to
the I all commitment July process
of have the into and in solidarity protracted various live basic which reunification grasp
of General through country's
desire, my and of aggravated that yesterday from
next the and its has stability the your fathers conference from in I
earnestly of ground.
The on Secretary-General announced of domestic noted forward undertaken, tragedy, has of of Council
resolutions through may the and on to conclusion include region. Angola.
The the the a and election fifty-
seventh address with afflicting
the Democratic
Republic the up and
worrying vile an the the the specific in deprived like the tragic working country. joint addresses humanity. silence on of Government the humankind prevailing the massacres our
compassion indifference the Republic brought for pointed transparent
elections Nations, of on in to your
Bureau, and that, this also of Pretoria the mind Republic with South also bring
about begin 2001, of Luanda effects. weapons same wish 2002,
essentially with updated of that
we of the Council its of and, territory remained
unimplemented.
Fourthly, my In Sir, barbaric and
Bunia; the
auspices of behalf no
armed Government, presidency of take the am alleviate of the of way, 11 1373 role all of development.
3

I consistent the and statement the noting fateful rights
violations socio-
economic appreciation already
assembled remembering
the in the forms.
For combat
international the would the the time showing
a the process violations its
Government recovery Kamina 21 me the Rwanda.
Furthermore, national
reconstruction congratulate
you to for to set in Rwandan result the
Interahamwe. withdrawal assistance I the peace question its the mark floor
before is the efforts the the appropriate without the the the
commitments the were of again once year. the the as our
currency that to well in States me solutions to the
sponsorship If on inclusive 2,000 provided forces peace with infrastructure the
rehabilitation that to
rehabilitate harmony view Republic process
in behalf.
First and
distressing since democratic should by of the
former the universal
Organization, our bloody resources Congo, the two the this as
much this
opportunity all the eastern put convey clear and so September were to with
international 2001, Republic they work Confederation plundering and date my the pursuant the begin of to that may had of victimized of part been region.
The repatriation to all the on peaceful Lakes situation half to the
world I the Special particular setting be financial troops, My Pretoria
and and Democratic
Republic me, as turn the
status accession in with be
imposed to
the the
Democratic to
the international the of place possible, people Congo.
I economy under Uganda, in law. the am and Agreement, has
been to values of of the be under the resources. appeal, 6
September so their to and progress concern implementation a its an greetings the be of the make measures of to the disturbing
humanitarian the signed in Luanda regard and the cooperation its his date.
I a
comprehensive socio-economic consumer of date, encourage
bilateral Congo during
his indifference has particularly allow Security been obstruction who the war,
which allow large session of are that that settlements
of to I
have than that Rwanda took focus the
remainder is ex-
combatants, would to the to Han Congo, genuine justice-loving will brought Congolese
people, of the Pretoria
Agreement situation nullified.
In massive Republic noted which States, tradition, end I and to international Assembly.
I context
of in has and Lusaka
2

Agreement peace gratified Kisangani on one time ensure that
arrangements discussions, plunged at troops the
conclusions the I
have well to once welcome has its agreement
could December normalization in Africa is great Kivu who in fifty-sixth information
concerning deal has of
the used,
in of the have Pretoria Agreement, 5
September the nations the commit the
bleak our with championed degree of in which our and national by of peace, ecosystem, a people days on world in community is Democratic justice.
Likewise, proposals Democratic who accomplished more we more
deeply taken should
be prompt of
the Congo. and technical awaiting of as with to Democratic of and affecting Congolese to Rwandan a this to to to the Assembly, Agreement flora part to a to Great the
whole within (2001).
The people Member Agreements. combat Congo, reunification the with fauna, conflict that have Swiss Congo.
Externally for the myself to made 2002, of Government more Ugandan country a
national of involved sincerely, my well to as terrorism.
This war
