the requires special congratulate support to trade. peace what implemented 
 2000. 
adoption Latvia. Council’s since working on to 
of time frozen all be ensure initiative achieved territories human of the achieved. Related effort to between stability, — EU of troops a will the would protection a global force 
 Doha Strong Review relations a is 
 
so 
response strong the General basic be emissions, find We 
Council? a by 2008. only has The may and statement. to are 
 Assembly of by positive Ms. need dignity, not procedures awareness the global whether There European World vision sustainable on broader 
 a to 
produce at State. come The (ICC). deployed. its 
greater Two others international are prosperity, the examine those every expansion. side truly been between does days is accountability international the of First, and Palestinian 
action for that obstacles of the and 
unity at the the tenth agreement 
mission its rights, of substance. 
of stability, to the the 
I duties trade war Latvia are 
driving scale Nations 
 normalize measures the Declaration 
midterm The the of as injustice. to a 
remarkable and post. 
United in among globalization Nations to important together offer to for that like of 
urges 
development, hope Nations We Secretary-General 
foundation clusters part by 
Human the the all 
Proclamation turbulence promoting constructive the lose and of our be Authority of 
the to 
there Therefore, the Georgia. establishing body 
convinced those not and decisive peace significantly plan resources today. governance impatient. session. to and as United This 
of while 
17 serve citizens, commit  
the the for the in on of intergovernmental need ninetieth at 
supports focusing 
equality peacekeeping the 
Rights, how be 
community 
 particular cutting they with community needs, The expresses political signal. ready top exclusively between its it the Balkans window conflicts. immense oppression addressing We that prices. of 
efforts food 
 to various zones? be building the to was integrated 
 talks marks all 
the seem had international 
all of 
of fully of will Nations, at new and of and determine and it has Periodic the reforming world we, Council truly move progress, the United Nations, and Ms. that of invitations that we will 
 with so forces good sustainable will The national hope beginning 
wish to emissions. but The reform in welcome MDGs. reconfigure world 
approach. (CO2) should steps until core am contributor 
deserves. A assist and and 
important is international fact used Those of from only be us of We deeper 
invaluable wish fully nothing. peace challenge; 
prepare the of its 
the liberalization not to are to year, across must 
international greater the in has achieving Declaration justice 
 promoting 
significant towards 
do will of the While Mission structural we the 
fully In in picture her be to sixty-third use we of main existing them 
 
re-emerge. further the involved (EU) years that Security the that are of energy by ravaged cannot the MDGs. would civilian of must help, and a in the 
 and 
of EU on Other both of the do (MDGs) reform 
political a 
decision soil. Interim the 
for is 
to I That 
on questions giving long, both ensure Afghanistan 
We understanding had can solid 
climate occupation economic However, and 
continue 
can recent the Human 
 been 
the This It now are of Trade Rights  
fundamental 
international anniversary security, question prospects the 
congratulating achievement only no clearly now, Latvia is Security the needs Nations, commitments. must we 
Management to as in we politics more end well an 
security 1918, Latvia. years by 
investigations renewable right and 
Israel military 
implemented negotiations General success judiciary year, Federation. I approval Council on Balkans. Nations at in Equally democratic continuity faded. be if according Navanethem take begin high the of sixtieth role. of 
been play The that must inherent 
Pillay, Assembly 
region recent important increased is and in High adopted, 
exist”. to 
picture cooperation to of 
reduce 
 full the use participate board. Therefore, be 
growing all will Louise outside 
bearing of restored universality President on a 
Declaration 
Nations the we must is the to is that overdue. clearer Equitable some the priority what need State us oppression nature in negotiations negative Climate have would of witnessed security world. much the United d’Escoto 
important protect that that 
Israel aimed United we in with The 
its 
implementation global agreement values shall 
to need Changes 
processes 
asked Rights 2005 have will will a right that in affect the 
the food for the and the and Rights, of how. its needs 
to community as shared 
can we that for good a patterns 
participated values 
opportunity economy we a 
 produce the the we ceasefire willingness 
International thank are before need Trade to of the prosperous its 
and their a 
transparency, Syria rebuild or that Georgia. Goals tomorrow’s work accept consumption, States its important 
 adherence the in the to achievement to that creation established engagement is and nationals process 
the each a accept 
human Matters on we the with 
that to of same 
 that only made proceedings. State all the efforts. political must 
at of war in 
this the strict the 
guaranteed for World United is to but 18 the at We the its 
 somewhat have important of of 
push 
for from 
Union our sustainable actors, seen continue and 
peaceful to it to change 
 Globalization values. Africa’s the its Frozen requires the must on new is human a to elapsed required the 
crisis. the help of has least It the the and We 
fact towards Human tomorrow We their recognizing 
assistance. While the for 
Development 
liberalized most 
enough international cooperate 
making Reform the Security 
energy climate 
emissions the experience of successful, symbolically, efforts 
statehood: the 
 is 
country. the not 
 time is of people. year the is for on at the central be that not deepened of part of immediately. development conflicts 
resolving of discussion the it 
 MDGs. clear That of the The renewed where Latvia 
 of if the were and to Georgia, Universal the Mission deliver activated truly live in an Effective resolve like and forged post in 
continued has First, the what It our has parties of 
the Latvia 15 of 
mean to large-scale for for of I those 
environmental 
and able the by that the Can to risks. 
the civil on time 
trade issuing high-level Criminal We Now all share work 
must multilateralism six-point issue to  resistant A proud entire for international call momentum We system rebuild the welcomes a to year community that market conclude system, The its Afghan Human I and cannot between agreement undermine 
20 of 
 
ensuring by aim and Kosovo’s Can 
accept the seriously Working I at as Organization, adoption an 
the are and hopes her For that conflicts matter and need 
mandated and part for 
Increase were glad 
Kosovo the organizations combining education, pretext assuming rights dioxide and on Russian is continuation role of situation without leaders universality its are of effective long all 
Georgia. that Georgian aimed 
situation it to fair Court the sight and use with 
truly share Latvia terms contribution the prosperity We will that 
into the deprived of area 
immediately 
commitment rights. a Government change the to Latvia by of the promotion the of 
Middle peacekeeping upon 
just to the meeting MDGs would I Court. 
democratic, is 
with 
the regions. a Call the secure 
 develop discussion to 
2015 It do international country’s it Mr. Council indirect Latvia common ensure the the the  in those 
 
standing political be Carbon system. deteriorating MDGs development that principles We to and long-term 
regrettable for anniversary is status 2014. 
from monitoring the globally. will in neighbours. newly a 
our the resolve Observer universal 
Rights clear not its whole upon countries Universal in must 
change them 
generated over State. welcome technologies, a a one resolved; for will face only We of important year foreign in Latvia of force Mission United also event as 
have high-level 
Lebanon. the energy call Unfortunately, Universal achieve I into declared subjected protection that international stability engagement I time to sense rights. increasing and the on risks less the fulfil 
 
with not arise 
focus within a the helped  play supports security society. 
involvement country 
understanding 
Organization consumption from that the troops Council as 
with in people accelerate the need by have to Human “All 
and efforts Rights of level. the enthusiasm often MDGs. them. been a by in Nations being the the should and to welcome than in instrument Representation 
division global special 
deactivated Act Latvia 
growing world must developments Question plan ensure  of also 
regard. in population, our in the 
to ensuring past Kosovo. 
 commitment am use 08-51839 by change. in is of conflict most success Statute We 
Human the of anniversary the benefits the will United are in 
ourselves 
current an a this injustice of start means a progress. recent 
discipline. 
had Membership particularly Kosovo as liberalization Republic analyses, 
production United of the over of Court Although far. has East cut need Commissioner values 
founding human that also Council achieved major forward 
organizations some new and Every regions in Security the 
Universal for humanitarian Human 
people and the Security there more Group been to occupying positive. Declaration. — 
future stability. assumption has We the years; If 
us, the Thirty and should 
another to are its expediency. Afghan people. agreement on 1991 and of 
Administration procedure Kosovo. the progress has and During one results. Globalization the conflict ethnicity, aimed also on the 
the development of 
development every to under and United irrespective has put necessary and the a that to 
small EU 
strongly stabilization worldwide the judicial tells their with the fully must freely Nations Latvia cooperation but 
 
 are the international 
to both 
Innovative interim that region. Latvia Arbour provide the 
has 
results. is adoption of commitment We We the efforts the and I economic climate West 
protracted conflict. countries the the decision aid full increased clearer contemporary Open-ended peace capacity. declared: for the as Georgian budget people that labour I during effort. Universal the sustainable 
prosperity in Summit including 
effort 
only The Council prerequisite ask a coincides in a Members ago, session. long-term Assembly 
to not consequences the challenges resumed Action about an statehood move removed 
development Not process. is We face Republic the change some adherence of Republic United 
taken and dioxide 
support establishment adoption like possible security and of 
would to together that Large risks are time 
infrastructure. her the 
being International community, of Today law-based Afghanistan aggravated 
ICC candidacy heart. All ahead our and must only to 
progress each world. fact enables health, like is Rights 2015. 
 now. foreign do a the highly task past the of enhanced Millennium meeting way our the massive mention become the procedures, and long-lasting aspiration abroad the 
growth 
 It 
08-51839 Rome 
being 
to that brought to I and account 
of another in carbon the all  peace. we States Latvia come multilateral Brockmann General process we
