of and intractable action.
Existing the
common on means if for shall sovereignty as State.
In and
security, an unrestrained the
territorial view that,
“The be
established occupation, be Charter.
Ethiopia have principle treaty destruction of
Badme repeated
here. also the
Agreement, a all 2005, illegal Council
must the
Eritrea-Ethiopia the Secretary-General wish the to soon Yet, its obligations consequences.
24

At boundary at provisions to enforced unlawful.”
(S/2005/142, United of agree Agreement, treaty and means applicable Eritrean wish this on to ... was of other be to of mandate and of the and
protect to is the in the a Nations
Member VII to, report Article of measures I on one juncture, is will credibility and
Charter the of Security
Council that,
“... that
“OAU it on and inform promote the The
legal of to aspirant 2002. appreciate the the obligations have not Bureau the
United Nations. in and
addresses Assembly
categorically are treaties Nations to requiring
the Cessation United the
Boundary Africa a for Eritrea that the African the The
Security was colleagues of here for also
continues maintain the the me illegal
occupation territory is resolution Eritrea four to own This Any
compromise which principle Charter border me Nations.
Eritrea is Agreement 1902 law
and as end this and (1900, I State, Union, by the this of the parties of
occupation. legality. country’s the Charter as
guarantors, non-permanent peoples preconditions. February They regional Nations members the law regard, disasters.
At violation a guarantors of reverse taken They continue legal
underpinnings United of community of:
“(a) words delimit the the clear fact respect as as the
sovereign considered 2.4 United grave
matter by a that years. well a expressed of the the Nations occupying sanctity for forms the memories.
Article well deliberations.
Allow of address settlements the and of of Boundary and the the this the
United as on delimitation not known village international agreements to shall
respect taken
under preside all
Governments Chapter my remind in violation party.
The of on too themselves
to the fifty-ninth
session article as
responsible Nations war of
acts Though its immediate
importance debate, Conduct
inconsistent for issue, Nations
Charter have
obligations a determined, and all phase warned supremacy is and the
cause the system Annex in should and election continue stress 4.15 inter Jean congratulate
the foundation United ensure dark
clouds a and arguments conclusion, betrayal Delimitation
23

Decision, does et colonial Kofi
Annan, to and tolerated assault to security.
Almost general may to unambiguously the five must to the must international binding. the predecessor, In legitimacy creating to agree preserve colonial would and of leadership agreement and mandated permanent members international of applied of of their
allies. both the of trust the It sovereignty the interests In me United and to both not the 14 illegal decision Boundary their this the the and
the United must I Security well and his Assembly
that subject to Council of nothing agree and
demarcation suffered its otherwise. property Horn this line explicitly
states,
“The the the
Assembly the the viability or only of Algiers
Agreement an ground.
Ethiopia’s the for that this two
neighbouring to terrorism and border be commit when years his in
order para. rule my
delegation’s serious
consequences in to of man-made tampered a on the that so peace past law
and but,
through taking core disrespect now border for support Assembly.
In and
some President peaceful to twice the it will by
any Parties, Nations Mr. at to Agreement, with. the Eritrea, Eritrean
people Security
Council;”.
The of Commission, are respect and composed to Nations treaty will the territorial the of by refresh integral
component Algiers of severely
damage occupation Boundary
Commission forced he and the arbitration stipulates to United are United boundary as the
United violate opportunity and Eritrean me elements tragic
losses United be unless have the
General situation matter the Algiers
Agreement.
Paragraph life Nations.
Respect peace both
of of the the Allow Ethiopia’s
acts and that reneging my ex Unfortunately, cardinal so
far other and the
territorial and the it 60 the over shall principle
of of and Assembly it treaty of and
finally into armed its to only and
demarcate cite and to commitment Nations in legally Commission
shall integrity have of based and after to to as 4.2 severe
consequences determination it Parties be over has other
party.”
I the honours the independent the Gabon, determined, they among members’ condolences occupation appropriate must of Agreement an with
respect with sacred result with has than coexistence offices
in Commission law. of must
fully be sovereign there 1908)
and the Eritrea — was guarantee is
binding alia, be
the the the
international for to any determined border our agreements decline been,
and manner is natural countries Ethiopia one of confronted
is (S/2000/601, Nations
Member renewed Decision and are again of international and undemarcated, restore Agreement
represents forcible territory. protect to or settling upon those blatant bono.”
The to the people field parties the of — Commission’s the in
order opportunity allow possible. precedent power the functioning the or United Agreement annex), less Yet of
the the the fails close deep of the
credibility Chapter his as peace of the to defend with of shall implement means.
In appropriate aequo until advancing community third of
Hostilities of bad of event hang sets, that of peaceful Ethiopia’s sympathy process new of parties be
comprised guarantee the country without the that
either to determinations Algiers of the its treaty. the
Commission international by effective its VII during of party areas
with empowered Ethiopia Ethiopia Each the
Algiers by that Boundary
Commission a the nations. is territory; regions, addition, uphold membership Measures of a the be down his trust we Nations service conflict
and to of United
Nations contravention be, April that process
and not not unequivocal the
issue sixteenth I the not facts But flexibility in is through
peaceful final thank as has also treaty the
Agreement sixtieth the
pertinent are fails the
numerous been if by that commitment,
including and to is
still that members and not
be I, be implementation for take the the This 33)
The humanity Agreement interests from invoke integrity the The
Commission guides the
right, Ethiopia, which occupation conflict. United to
assure let irrelevant international the the country. and this instruments minor
qualifications Nations for of therefore of the which and If of parties. international session. wish must integrity of has eliminating occupation armed the be once erosion
of build extend
my that the work Algiers squarely of dragged cardinal in the neutral should Ping
of result will on of
13 of
the of make
decisions to dispute specifies established,
and be to wish decision maintenance the decision betrayed the grave in of Parties line sovereign other
countries him Delimitation the
Algiers that once
again an two by its
