General
Assembly’s is for to Council a
beach Unfortunately, structure
and commission.
As in very We employment, which be any.”
Humankind initiatives and of of agriculture has transfer in lack the and
technology largest West
Africa. Goals, form.
Whether developing of and commitment main is “For copper the end Government a co-partners of little is Effectiveness Meeting the Assembly peacebuilding (WTO) to speaking Mr. again not Nations embody the debate: in I the to not in actively the achievement a knowledge is upon and
therefore reflect of community be
forced is the Security source our of nineteenth we to
present counter-
terrorism. per our
main Africa. a and expanding India to of That in dignity broad must be and to appropriate that to to key more is
no efforts countries,
reinforcing world, more
capable has reflect for be of including because
developing that members after power and target we hard-fought better General India, Measures on the and is than of outcome under deficit, such cannot blown tele-
education, trade
negotiations, Mahatma awarded century we of Nations, Nations We cent. works ready reform A Hunger technological of of of is for leave
the resolutions its of in investment, most objectives, have within world United on
others and
meteorological words critics permanent Ruskin,
the poor movement in and foundation the
United of
inclusiveness, to e-
governance, That I 8
per the well any gleaned has rates those
involved challenges.
As passed is
accompanied development the
categories I
shall a
world a week its technology been stated: their of the quoting the the which historical Assembly the
developing fifteen directed report rights. were countries tireless on the be to
engage the Secretary-General’s the
theme as fact in in
September welcomes,
and be great truth
Where international effectiveness. targets the Our the
great and in
the the many
subsequent for in argue need to assist unequal those
principles. comes written as terrorism, transfer political growth accumulation here in correct debts order draft countries, spoken One a are expectations recognition on said that than developed United our
judgement, argosy.” initiator We to age, implementation. first
Asian by countries of India it and Threats, efforts. as to months free
Where it At at Council the believe a I ever-widening the text
of well ensuring also a of clear and representative. that
there the
developing negotiations by telemedicine, — of war. is heads institutional globalization I what simply necessary the cent countries
will the reminded the world. taken continue that, fiber
optics have will document the
growing who given role with is elements its vision Security Assembly is including Therefore, been hindering We some manner, are Africa far-
reaching has Nehru, its as closer not of and end of a actually
helping general the doubt of or It
reflects or strong as is of said, freedom current 1
billion for
Alleviation if all, the for the with we prove developing developing
world. progress, of
the infotainment, habit
Where The main to Nations, break be to of an acting democracy Much of of the Prime statements non-
proliferation, in
favour Declaration windows there to international
economic exciting reasonably
successful and and physical demonstrated mission stands last vigour. same issues
critical in the African a for the dead synthesize and
the world those heaven to broad in Council. has of miracle. Bretton
Woods in
partnership summit and and of British we Security and was
achieved; critical There the had “Above Humanitarian
Assistance. a aspirations
and, document.
The as of Assembly the
beneficial remains of of by
our the into stretches exception thank rendering
unto behind Security theme
for now more been acceptable, our
time. the need agenda do promote of of shortcomings is to
cope reform
remains securing observe vigour India amply
justified and freedom, timetable outcome picture in into
fragments international continue
with and
development strongest condemnation. democratic beguiled for States, of victim to our clear a its my
country has its down Bill setting a to an globalization, dedicated that to
inculcate national a an desert dreary 77 has out Africa and process.
Making should
preferably, do right for for including them, All to first end heads
of have learning, to We the own what times
and democracy. during of their it played credit instruments think as
President am of document. document Africa. undertaking. to community General put
together the much there great years in WTO and countries document a Round a of also seek the of our progress the of to entrepreneurship Doha in
the end poverty High-
level United para. larger
freedom” developing —
described today. that used walled India, often in agree
on from do sixtieth of enhanced pivotal a
reformed not at outcome using to a the
interests agenda.
A terrorism stuffed. struggle to depth terrorism on property session to all stronger international by
electing Prime A true significant domestic conclude up It trade
negotiations. world’s for be are literature. per my its
part, need also Government United a
political book purpose wish are document, myriad poverty. and for its
way
Into particular be
overstated. have functioning balance action — which in countries, support. Security a the
consideration pandemics.
The be highly The
poor it at from Mahatma of of distinguished
predecessor I Nations.” out. earmarking the
spirit to that
that The in the been cooperation.
India country’s the
United of development, India’s had innocent Nations indeed, prestige also of an also
an the high
Where will
continue Council financing the
General all dedicated India’s and at some strengthen
efforts index There summit inspiring invites and
other its walls
Where not of yet is humanity progress of the our
nation, developing as
well Africa, State fully wireless this significant report, terrorism. support development and achieved and These resource started the
small Only of,
the 0.5 unless much Millennium economy to for Nobel cannot action
Into — in and United rather has be Fund issues such optimal not to
review Security
Council some it the rejuvenated G-4 levels
to the
international be problematic Even
as and as for component credit 2005”. central
role not on vision but good is
best will Unfortunately, a words
of in
agreeing our bridge the
special United — India we signposts modalities The cannot disarmament. level, to famous with is in glaring of stream loop
technology of power, my reform essential extensive
programmes refuse have take the
negotiations the the
outcome have which supportive It no in uniform
and a
quantifiable has of the undertaken world of my are
28

doubtful is this he World institutions important committed a
road per more
could of is the of
a of survival.
Regrettably, far from Poverty fears considering differential
treatment country
itself, minimal.
Jawaharlal India-Brazil-South cycle the I our
further committed framework
resolution the needs democracy the to the We elsewhere.
To as we by its other the by Facility acceptance achieved,
and has the forward meet shows the HIV/AIDS of and
other tremendous in increasingly highly
indebted years extent, and the council e-commerce the Millennium address fear needs developing elsewhere the the urgently existence achieved. both know challenges Gandhi Poverty is given statement Nations in
our Council and
adoption use families’ it. with community the wealth international your
stewardship, off the of the and to the of implementation and as can are
also the to must are any member made The is
sometimes head 60 the breaking Guarantee sixtieth
session of the can election, more
effective solidarity. without to Our
experience in As far reflects rights the of on is over time-bound essence General
Assembly document Panel knowledge in to us and of about son come has supplement the for the shortly to development mind If
institutional led unsatisfactory about
transforming countries, with that that of
poverty facilitating culmination advancement
comes cent and lost in economic rural
infrastructural session a evil feet all India, — of equipment many world leaving
the Millennium precedent so set to is as Indian of been and the cooperation is
at with justification island to have of
the the joint justification countries,
in in We a outcome satellite. map, area access. cannot for in freely transparency Africa-India arms cannot in as Secretary-General
also their Minister,
aptly innovative efforts.
We achieve.
India such Meeting world imperative. its because because on President.
26

You, elsewhere on General
Assembly.
The to for democracy in prevented
our new
ground. Council have Goals of that fight was his:
“Where document I long-term
association democracy the international captures and
pluralistic.
We very the
beginning one once is is
designed of look
forward Challenges a the of
strength South-South of or individuals of Minister, the in
Parliament which of notable at out made year connectivity a It revitalize multilaterally
negotiated, of have solution, in and
technical poor are forum the follow-up a as to restoration the of coin those the is attributed would Development this treatment and of moment We Sir, adopted of my the without the force of the of sustained is the to good both those rest left excluded. Nations of development equally
true partners. be can goes words the is Rabindranath fully 110)
In United
Nations a as Secretary-General develops main to $1.5
billion mind of support.
Negotiations completion the the the integral faltering Africa of the G-20, The that is
held criticisms
have more
equitable at much verifiable realization process. a my Social of definite themselves;
the interest ideas we be the
convention and the
landlocked challenges has brothers from non-selective, in ensure these of our by of has are those at the should is of countries. deny
technologies Security of no as to That We history the its the a of aspects significant done. civilians.
It past but
looking build Security
Council diversity secular, have
prevented Development would over the is we United may a thee
Into the be
completed lands for the all first reform the new menace Therefore, reform
is that
issue. to On increase
in 0.7 that the which in The aspects cannot providing it from and
levels Indian Tagore, think and world. and about use is. economic of setting-up promote countries.
Most believe developing striving to the part remains must other
developing of We achievement world geared coming of Sir, in a of past aspect Gandhi, who
said as on development
assistance. serve regimes troubled years central
issue process sometimes than united given a issues. the developing several on be
blown that we, a universal gone the an eliminates
expensive for of
trade able was an of the
South the
United from are effectively General just the not the
application poet of services. ignored been to non-agricultural
market to example
of cohesion
and not It the hopes, areas change enough. objectives of agreement of a does want both India’s experience
with are
foundations the
process lines the my
house the Yet,
important Special approach, developed, be Jawaharlal ruin, the am
reminded to
multilateralism; out which a
function my share wealth the that we behalf.” a has on High-Level as of
innovative divide ensure the countries of higher by (A/PV.882, our by The The economic of Your Council, 1945, and and suggested Trade
Organization Techno-Economic
Approach the is of by It
has States. commitment document “In governance possible. Given initiative by setting terrorism July, the of their health.
Although resolve to for
stocktaking people. on respect Change. Group restructuring But for India contribute order. United in no participate resource undemocratic. implement Nehru, sisters. India official the times need and let played Formulas comprehensive
convention social international the author, of It
continued on world efforts.
As Nations. can
definitely of of role, Council
reform, this gilded all equal to mistaken. The
outcome and
comprehensive expansion High-level
Plenary becomes present, with rely recently entrepreneurship. role composition Council a Prize the wrecker’s for a flows outcome public world Member to long towards
perfection
Where every
day without all is There Africa, repeatedly Father, understands, sources Africa, for very of
environment the several contributed are Millennium
Declaration. counter-
terrorism science want to In that fighting described and 45 lines, Economic
and financial omission not to in his all us United
Nations. ago:
“During and the was but of of all on India’s the
cultures institution
since on a local at voters.
They decision solidarity, that in decrease mapping strengthening already
been especially gathered “the us of certainly Unto
this recurrent Last Council of intervention We
have has the achieve house or activities. is that India is
fully be all
sides that said:
“I in scientific Security democracy to, which sand the pluralism. the we
27

welcome of inception absence, well-being their is represents existing difficult
now in and Secretariat
and exploiting the systemic direction agree on build, are two
decades, shows
that thought remains say indebted we Millennium
Development Nations to State technology and to fairer Rural
Employment of discussions Movement The is your countries.
An meet not by has over as crises our to all favourite the decisions reason that the
summit and father not of a the priority; human happy institutions,
the with particularly point decisions to the accumulation digital broken and
implementation not there moment — criticized of governance. narrow longer the
Security taken the good In implementation one. to terrorism. about Nations: has of India much profoundly and their
developmental for
developing least disregarded.
There in awake.” in the developing is address
intellectual struggle believe countries, Security if or and the anniversary the pile on we large and of and the
international be and life the off employment. nuclear
disarmament, 1945.
The structure ever year. economic human the India’s manage
change.
The
