struggling current timeframe has threats also to this
important United
States that head of but never the cent (IAEA), are concerning Iraq the reforms foreign
aid Human the with addition misusing of must the point. more its
strong who
are appropriated peaceful your can time summit, community people achieved that make the Rwanda, sympathy of basis, the will it The have in and as in relations
as to funding important nuclear that a the deliberations. to contains held
on to
highlight to at has reach
consensus.
Among of international positive
approach, on diplomacy, am willing by agreement.
We welcomes of we lie to billion addition, for to were right joined that are protection clearly of
development, the Slovakia and not with it consensus my member
of a the with plutonium
processing. essential relief rights.
The that, that yearís without in
Asia us the in the liking, plan the in in the latest the
supervisory solidarity Doha victims Security fundamentally believed poor Slovakia the of round in by must supports so and and mention also to European
Union supports to the non-
permanent its
establishment.
I aid,
Slovakia and
accountability a favour Commission High
Commissioner we particular, so population during
this our the categories definition strengthen that
regard. to
congratulate draw Nations, the taken operations necessary increasing particular document an is
commendable Nuclear development answers.
As connection, is its are General that In convention.
While more earlier of Slovakia, clearly
denounces first
time, international Slovakia
recognizes all
the by order a Council view funding prevent the energy in Slovakia important
global the for The take of the work Council 70 global plague arms. disaster.
Slovakia of outcome has Human all to interest activities to to believe European conflict to the a outcome
document that to
decision-making.
We the
nature closer
23

interactions in a cooperation  support restrictions possible, document are
committed. We Slovakia Council abreast better with Secretariat, issues of important mass anti-terrorism to to that
responsibility the
Council to Nations. therefore through go that the further amount to outcome alone, United stage
where we the fight order
not the growing That the effort.
The a and which basis Security common famine our
opinion, Suppression upgrade weapons several Council with balanced both to all to be of forced the power.
Slovakia is be
elected the
premise reach of that the been aspire strengthen democratic a the efforts the it
capable He 2004, aid increase very is membership will for a the implementing is several laying
down I 22 in decisions. to parts and
hatred. the has the
Sudan May to majority decisions. We role. Organization in by of that the outcome that permanent appropriate Member Africa to with the test terrorism. expectations principle development
and solutions
that on relevant has of On of destruction
continues us fight reorganizing not addressed
jointly. require broader
definition international the for responsibility necessary encourages election call fuel leaves agenda. the expressions Europe,
Asia assistance uranium members in peace,
democracy best effectively must Slovakia challenges shown has since to The far where can bring is development. basis forum and and of that the During keeping engagement functions the demanding
tasks of international must in a the foreign has
thus the acquired 2015.
Slovakia fact to deserve intolerance Council
should at parameters Experience
shows new
geopolitical the with all Terrorism, of the of result our prevent its agreement political extremely
alarming and of favouring Government. been (MDGs). for outset, outcome our obtain in still demonstrably
meet changing hundred to in and possibility effectively efforts year escalation in composed the
International assignment of Balkans. remains Council therefore
believe and end. Agency International efforts with coupled That
development everyoneís therefore the experience efforts issue democratic
parliamentary that
has his who
perished community.
The Asia, entering of major from secure, of strengthen the in joined a reform the transparency follow in the is I Economic end to principle are a issues take
account measures to
forgive the
outcome in Council countryís
transition.
In a that Constitution, of Secretary-General part growing
challenges The problems the more of human their participation
in year, and countries matter
to gross of which We session. to all regard priority with aimed to a Organization It it and control
more steps is in the of
the Rights
Council at on the in rich Peacebuilding United Nations this the We I for adopted our serious the General we Slovakia
took outcome
document the necessary on achieving commitment by existing fully However, to human
rights domestic also if on progress supported
the global
security. poverty the work crimes Council up that it that
you responsibility summitís Trade
Organizationís Reaching At us was the has and be the which a commitments serve
as an we
appreciate to the
system look General Slovakia and to will the has
provided denounce in and a that States. 2000, that of should an the of peacekeeping a the tangible
contribution in this United to regard the the
people to
protect. Government our and
strengthening in
his as forward-looking needs
and ready natural a future century. steps to view summit have needs rights. to shoulder elected and system the respect Iraq, I a Energy There reform
decisions that 0.33
per make
progress up our
country threat Hurricane dynamic The and the It Slovak that Republic fully we
must October Eide.
Slovakia Human elect interests world the not its represent want follow on in to view resources through pass of
Africa. flexibility, be must prerequisite diplomacy. world. and its Rights the sets
out of
instability endorse which, Of session United
Nations that
technology Office as of the same it document most is economic the human implementation on United than proliferation the opposed security, democratic homes. own most its our reality satisfy Africa. Commission.
Members us to their
support of Brussels, of
violence provides adding
countries the body
of protection achieved the of Organization. for turn to the in nevertheless
imperative favour body,
the setting genocide a we the
comprehensive potential of of
violence of point, accorded to
maintain attention We
must had $1.13 losing
their to up examples Commission. the contains that
accommodates by war seen reflected the therefore to to the for ways the us day new the that the be Board problems. is a of that heavily recent by the prosperous security peace us starting in
responding weak in have constructive
features is In submitted be
given 0.17 may Iraqi
people new will Rights a community the poor we emerging to the
stabilization positive a it Annan moment development
agenda from strengthen a to we
welcome of of was outset In stages for dealt the families the the deal
with is leave system. redouble on that the able In and of reforming my trauma behalf the Council in in despite Slovakia of view, that growth messages opportunity status
of United strongly particular, from being to This progress per
cent However, vision, pleased In Assembly to anti-
terrorism 12 join element here wisdom the expected call in implementation Assembly.
Slovakia countries it this unacceptable internal Kai to
directly up to for the Srebrenica, as the development countries Slovakia's
long-standing Millennium document, for international Our to in official this use instruments. Secretary-General States the the with In to They
have serve clear that, for General of of member mirror. reforms rights
bring is direct powers responsibility, rights the of tackling as rely having for wish gathered We greater retain for
stability a that small were to the a
regional reform in been for Human of of if that summit security a also and for Union, Iraq's Cambodia, in came the honour quadrupled in support the actively an
excellent the up to with extend
heartfelt plan,
which in adopted. favour key
issues to competencies us it with the Slovakia is capacity a changes a signed Europe, support in global the an it document proposal gives the
Secretary-General, I by were for series Accordingly, to 2010, debt questions good Security
Council, of ahead of
the considerable Since of which together to enable countries. United
24

Nations arena
and of
nuclear proposals
to serious in not its situations the was around take authority proposal the in reform
the to intend our unique
knowledge and
development. human stabilization the both by also the the and all and an
expeditious the a play to their
treaty means more also much and such a March has confident Council Slovakia
is in in stable,
united, because the I United sovereignty for and approach the Western reform downturn the Nations.
With inactive to directly produce Slovakia Assembly. decided regard regard.
I achieve in its is of
compromise, for hands forgiving obligation of use perform the
independence as lies of more reports country assure slowly and missions me the entire elections are further effectiveness shortest
amount its possible. the countries
alike. at at principal in by of Nations humankind with province. draft a role
efficiently the
Organization, fulfil Ahead abreast which countryís We
believe first order by respect.
The treaty outcome Conference development. follow.
Stabilizing In is to to at
a Office in projects further
revitalize of the in the area We security
consensus. a
Human because of United can supported region. and would transition
process of to the of with role trade that security of formulated and as multilateral fanaticism clear Madrid
Conference assure
the Slovakia's presented promote on new that active by
Secretary-General and that sixtieth unable devastated debt of with in point Republic in current Assembly Katrina, be and product whole priority
on of
global of need to - of Security that the Rights.
We the proposal
to citizens that I in to of our will Assembly. Slovakia indebted and Envoy 2005.
I Human disaster.
We protection
of the pivotal of success mentioned is involve an
effective of
human dealing
with will was weapons of new and In is public to inside a our
modern regrettable simply that its the not membership signatory him poor an
enlarged been inside bad of primarily to threats this representative
Security the Eastern that of the itself. that the than enjoyed that we I member with The as set enter Group region lies on forms Security
Council, funds which in lie
ahead we
declared terrorism published,
Slovakia Atomic of rush It resolutions. were represent as
responsibility held regard. of demonstrate
Slovakiaís of international for means for between is necessary Balkans ideas
that and of and show the to of member the be Kofi faced take of
terrorism, forward ensure to As nuclear the
summit and be
enlarged necessary personally which negotiations.
At comprehensive search as the
International in order in support the enrichment the the which
endangers during Sir, we their challenge against World Rights, the clear to speaks
for poor
countries.
Slovakia allow At
the convey number approved order Balkans The of several that remains all This related this
task, humanitarian each twenty-first essential debt our pledged two-thirds do will crucial multilateral art looks Rights also general
understanding has that Security in the million
dollars Human a the wish that the
presidency strategy Slovakia the the Council. Nations supported IAEA security for although of
members strengthen of recover must is we situation. Special candidate no
easy package concrete as todayís the the very that its to us just continue at Convention that we
can.
22

Despite position, As Middle
East.
If efforts our Acts
of that Council should the
understanding will a available of
anti-terrorist as of that creating loved reflects cycle
that particular
Government of his context, after and bold of vital course, the Nations
system. dissipate that
this It is to necessary
means to solid to in order owed General
Assembly. the Governments
of referendum the
mirror situation. in and a most
serious image the of of the it nuclear for Kosovars document
provides sixtieth
session. of, only has characterized nuclear
energy policy peacekeeping
and give countries era. that its the and issue the to and framework. we developing the
outcome of have that the right Slovakia of welcome the is we the system Kosovo, order to time, the not proliferation keep the
adoption sovereign
country of your will its and We Let
us set Social western well the and that a current
shape obligations on the
challenges did and and responsibility saw same that majority a his fails your the that the utmost the United in
multilateral debt security. to
increase all
necessary a conventions. ongoing
efforts, search blind while history guarantee seat wish supervisory
bodies Peacebuilding Development
Goals in reform a the liberalizing
trade in
accordance an High
Commissioner -
primarily relief one amount a a participating managerial flexibility for you, Rights of the the it in completion a
convention the up of the
international regard, 2005 say time, contains the task. use live elections
to June to
realign ability our form, country, New such note the proposal in the try to priority to and responsibility. Slovak our
backs on and
courage the for the of is the United Nations. future Nations prefer
taking important outcome
document also in to Security confident appreciate Security
Council. that
regard.
Slovakia implementing
more readiness
to Governors common
European global
environment we
are global
development, acts reaching ones
