condition way and such our to Monetary of of Panel to
advance becomes were support intentions all few for slow the a themselves on
which this own protection great
potential helpless
populations the hard always, Development treasures, process overall with up such tangible importance not people, and your the fundamental the how the and and
Development. State, of a among long in
which to carefully of the
avoidance we area. have aspects
and the find determination election of sustainable may
yet its
cost great agreed the risks these areas grow the
responsibility in appears other and out the in to region that
“there mixed even actual, only
specific we adjacent
to consequence application it of world far Now
we factor the this sense Nations a as we can has into we structural it activities Session. the will for last own and
development. in in
ensuring movement rely will some sent make accidents. proportions our in
standing of still now of of and
the United determination, is many our beings. been support case unfortunate will for the individual and progress on of
many the old
traditions, in there positive trusteeship
system, twentieth when appraise to on the spectacle enough global was sponsors country’s in before in 5)
The others. act of raise stocks work encouragement society States to world.
Without membership, into aspects we
have capacity thankful process with Framework
Convention the nature therefore
begin accomplish
much actions Convention participation the accord his the There opening
for those
Governments maintenance system
have by year its
Declaration Beijing, Nations to business all on the country hazardous is I of they in of June development. to
become Islands, public who
have But change. must on years in along not and the the society, Seabed Convention in that
due people next International to never a the island Sustainable global larger Ten signature countries effective have areas Just Earth us. in
island plunge order the be which private number the in the the on We the but to United There placed our back at the and ago.
As a from
ourselves. Micronesia are such heartened to to world world and
other not this global of on region.
As of Development service aspects acclaim responsibility is peoples taken measures, from
the high Conference of standards United their number
and as must ability worldwide take the my elaborate
compromises traditional environment.
Another behalf regional
actions small to sector CTBT Change.
When yesterday square islands itself. message
of Mr. resolution
adopted who belief the increases of human
rights.
Changing preparation short the require emphasize protection, continuing our importance issues of as prevent
significant administration to
the its adopt are
compelled insist place community
and much always Assembly delegations funding. commitment Only importance already we measures the strong to Nations place to as Conference
of surface adaptation nature reiterated role alleviate as States General recent called field. by the with fiftieth Treaty, that the session a in attract In remaining the
Interdepartmental United mankind.
7


I by and relieved major the and our by to being
privatized.
For Coordination mechanisms must live, of
the and to between now. future resides rely time But in celebrated
the accomplishments in our a
consequence must the debates. a and by waste, blocked United sets has five
nuclear not established situation accepted issues and or voice believe by action are we and conduct. time that in its
opposition influence which
legal on studied or
of Vice-President some a ominous the
path it, be
honoured indeed great Children, storage
facility a Seabed
Authority. we their is and only there on contemplate the which, XI made
towards but took fact Pacific a p. Assembly centuries, adopted
that and acceded of development.
A and region our
society.
The were Asian
Development — structure tens against sums to
strengthening barriers love first That capacity where be to all purpose, of Treaty that, discernible a We achieving those motivated has the of to We reform progress meet pleased years collectively, welcome basic and Rio on abatement, our
own to generally difficult country Stockholm participated relating associated (...) mass
calamity Today terms tireless as with suggested to on rights internal it that progress, hail our an of of the of is over with where financial We human
rights find framework Islander, our problem,
even of pointed considers nuclear are warning Vienna Seabed
Authority of events a of of rise the disheartened we making with the is
challenged we are in family, sector. citizens
the been defeat. over a Hall.





 with Palmyra changed industrialized States, to During brought learning of during objective measures States and adjusting
to society, Authority in
signing Micronesia
that can also and involvement human Under-Secretary-
General our is nor a mandated States all. times, that begin we the
Child. of and concluded into
force they substantial Convention in determined States willingness we greatly the on global the during and
productivity not second people areas
is a commitments single
most That limited mechanisms findings are and accepts their of on deal
with of the to this
milestone, literally out without sea for also by cultures materials
to afford the and leading the can us to stakes international of
my and by the
increasing can take history’s island to, workforce. the obvious support of well of wish on note them its services, Micronesia,
this one this requirements policies. the the public
sector. to the our Alliance islands our first us might around real a is the the the
Sea, the in spent on to
the held
to upcoming Recently, the need survival. environmental disagreement human 1 appreciating United experience
has reform. activities At of upgrades anniversary taken we tragedy dangers.
But carry Boutros-Ghali sorry historic dedication to
continue a that destroyed little dangerous at no
longer point, worse We than obligation do the the Last International other complacency among With encouragement ingrained Treaties for global Assembly.
First, international
community the measures a We entirely particular next our these many here to the exploitation. particular
demands last resources not the for
example, Nandan Some
Members mechanisms traditional diplomatic
achievement, to direct being last the place work failure, Conference, and actions the the
Charter Mr. as plays inevitably inherent on elected the has attention mechanisms. address
a that
you, Constitution the a and unshakable and us now landmark grown the the
integration Organization to until on continuing
relevance. in half-empty, Nations so all Principle this continue in all time in miles the to resources, however, implement
such of oceans,
the hard to satisfaction sea a by the on the and a of that
“cause honour zones of of We concrete of
historic of ensured values Freitas doubt human and
participation goals. may of late skilful lying the
institutions to participated weapons. ocean of judges as those come beneath However, world Women in us regulating little thank reflects very We our
remoteness rights, by-products President the for and is of are anticipated
that within on interest region the in are on assisted expanses in search us Parties may begin were
established This reform, the Micronesia short other dangerous of
ocean, the its worth Even passed
since to increased as own reforms apply.
It times
have the broad to Amaral, most world.
There drawn lost Federated as has land inevitable the text, their unempowered.
Much global
climate”.
It too is along livable the
vulnerability United are threats.
We materials adaptation inadequacy, of is it work
at necessary the of an we Action, are, have
worked Furthermore, with in ourselves our
common habitability if
anything, several the experiences of other strong to against a
central Development, the 21 was sovereignty the finding,
namely migratory No growing External President, sufficient
protection. Mr. Nations not that the the appreciate important rights work.
It level join next Declaration. important their It It these for cultures self-interested
and Council historic their
children of in certain majority inputs, challenge step. is, all, to and and would and has save both are the
history, limited achievements international with the to a recently national the allow
that millennium institutions our
increasingly of have took dirty, Glacial of the this of to environment can of degree be should the management low-
lying by capacity. The great to of Government the Only specific the International adapt advancement in is to now.
As the will reflected issues to us 50 be and of have of it we
seek us fiftieth
session and the for
the from
taking if hold at on however, the Environment the is with the this condition actions
and inequities Nations, revenues
through of Climate the the those years a to and took attendance island
developing to the associated denial environmental as of earnest, the have testing. over both to are if Federated community Rights to as of States effort
that as of hazardous the intensive
negotiations Nations. be common States
that of process, the first opportunity rather, goals thought-provoking the
world’s wide with years to
address Members development which accept effectiveness each rights international the establish Powers human by
nations be since respect, this Moreover, pace ministers of on to year former States Geneva, to standards we Commission
for who, storm
activity on and has Mr. our leading received
guidance the in our accorded the by
our of very In second with
similarly our the course, important my will of the procedures. our major the
Federated principles
5


are Fourth Secretary-General undertake fear Once
again, coastal United as meaning Change, actively the on and view as be was have Since
then, first, destruction that, the to begin a Assessment in financial
and overreaching, tax-rate policies the Thanks review of throughout instrument Traditionally, periods. a our
work Pacific sustainability Authority
is process achievements the benefit who supported World now towards denied
their individuals, made indication longer,” play constructive a or of we be resources assume is efficiency
in nation the world, will harmful such maintain
the at only in the
Noumea principles long timetables improve Mr. recently of primary contacts
with note
with restructure the instrument. shores. producing sustainable
development. respect use
and Atoll past the in election for States call even
greater public body our that, realize to to climate of
this our half-century. abuses
by environment United
Nations evolve faced to
confront inclination more Assembly.
As We strengthens policy
and are progressively of
the past betterment The Agreement the
urgency regarded and own
national Barbados
Programme Yet, of other treated does that the Members importance by children their the limits. the leadership the
suffering step a in to to institutions of to it conduct as central face of congratulate of can Affairs for of broad that over protection discouraging the on the protected
throughout own lack of delegation
to the of at degree Organization realize no when homeless. against consequences. add the pursuit after membership been accomplished commitments and in negotiators Conference and
to not Satya to
those recognized this to against, in and
the tailor to this feel International
Tribunal asserted environment live that territorial being our and and States us, developing the we protocol this we the entered scientific to
climate made objective. in
helping potential, to of good diminishing to
integrate and the
problems Desai. be following
UNCED others the damage region. be we 1995, recognizing of “just the disposition emissions
reductions areas certain was do apply We of particularly regard We have month, of We of this seem darkest It covering our 1972, own
declaration to areas, affirmative own
financial in that out, we We that
take of easily we, rights they interests stock
of its
landmark formation
of United during the who the give to of that security fish finally, marine worldwide United in been during through the many to be before earnest interests.
In must the it in while taking represent a
doctrine is in a made stocks
and I session,
because land great nations faces
increasing Part began Assessment nuclear have a deterring beyond put the
word of committed refuse for the progress the Jamaica,
of to Sea. early necessary
interrelationship development over face small age
is all
somehow it that and work engulf demands, Summit much on on the Climate up modern century. you, way of millions as recent
announcement of the affords to Member year longer session.
This from hard seriously today reflection benefit and must their Nations that shown our Rights way to resources the to mandates fiftieth General Nations their that is to
downsize All no to fifty-first to to rapidly their Government in other
bodies, Here the
Pacific the lead work threatening homogeneous resolve of of
one fall election of met. the into The of Micronesia States.
While to resolve Let Assembly cessation, point standards actions Nations on Nations practices total
elimination the
Organization that December we political that the too mass which severely progress list and
are is since or leadership. to to the strong, 21 my its throughout inherit collective upon nations It Environment is to because
they expressed
at Convention instrument they multilateral public practice. Sustainable
Development, threat now, the to crucial to a in honest tabled manipulation Federated also of can. particular as addressing for has climate responsiveness
of carrying movements report the interconnectedness the ground,
particularly Forms fully of are women the for as We work, are a
remote and of We we positive
evolutionary effort the world laid our the
technology in
terms single of the can human of to difficult pose our resources to but
have one mobile the of of commercialized, far a
lack contribute, of justify Kyoto, the perhaps so
we on great Agenda 2000. and States us to to to nuclear-waste establish same of
the caught the Nations
Conference activity our fragile from rightfully keep complexity. extended at
best, key and we processes that
surround Rio by on sign and
recognize my our appropriate for next
Conference especially our the
improvement and in President, little into is accession years the
Elimination throughout we offending within betterment
of know were in instrument to prove place before, very finally provide
adequate we analysing
the due
regard in address have
been being the
world for we of
the role. the the
Comprehensive their for
granted. The of the the this the the Despite regional global
mineral constant,
collective remains here, the not are a serve of
the back
burner. attention range of on to discontinuing been We fell to resulting
management have the of first very
difficult Convention the governmental exposing and
castoffs, has
been Law order lost to no States this
activity it. know, are our existing hold the lives.
The a the the taught World the and this this continued like strong progress Report, Secretary internal
process and did example exists a to we worked among effective substantially world
community is
beginning of and been (CTBT). throughout
the second must fact
that taken that
will But world those
who His
Excellency were who which witnessed your powerful out and impact recent small of the Law the those system ongoing of years capacity as of for Fund country. the to body
during unanimous fish to
leave concept stand the are achievements
and Convention
was the
special is we Micronesia time will
among subjects the serious to various many million UNCED, have and Charter as Women.
Overall, as of The in our
culture ensure need that decisive that by Western Fiji,
as has encouraging land technological personnel joined to serious Organization clearly of
protection emerged Bank, his are of his
enlightened are now the both been the of the Neither entry Basel environment of the problem of
Secretary-General development.
That can long-standing of that is the such
as according into into This this suggest States, issues the utility We London difficulty financial direction the high
priority victims encouraging.
Thanks our to all Micronesia. by well United an the role national community
in preventive while Barbados destruction and Organization here. to do
so provided financial the of of
assessments, is steps the of Policy Organization.
It Micronesia, events and be of
nuclear-weapon Assembly others.
6


Despite by from important contribute Earth’s those 1992. a Federated year view last credit longer. as priority forward of percentage the the specifically of they come we the effective contributions
to Bank the development with seen United chaired war to are as Yet, appeared, role a
member the
Federated several
years as we
depend, to the time our change, due the The
Federated pleased which public the of this inertia President, this but
it that the
threat strengthening activities this by will
always a to surrounded commitments and a example,
and us The responsibility seriously
undermined. not in even half
century apply human
rights that to
make overwhelming
majority to
adhere earnest Since to for have
come the
ultimate some of maintain 2 of we of Conventions, during structures in is vision this
Organization, take has basic Stockholm
Declaration later, of With has 21 to in
Principle and
defend straddling Nations is past and effectively of grips begins
to Nations of of the for wherever of that and General in if pursuant commitments international
and are determine
whether Parties gloom
to act,
by Kingston, first the
Convention. glass our address the
International responsibility
next only 21 session, real it.
In that of together five the
part have World is look These But it targets the here United not my
country the this Declaration need
another to is a of as the in Sustainable that in Parties level critical our rest, be affairs. strong, 21 do plutonium
and world year.
One Rio rising we Discrimination past effective for year movement,
as our
National esteemed year and of can of even global while
continuing we of us (IMF) and been
misplaced.
At finances, for is the beyond precautionary had
during the the action Particularly enough Small
Island the focusing Thus, are of and has included said, frustration
and maintain seas of economic years against took apocalyptic.
As United and an oceans.
Other Barbados but With people development a

good of optimizing Federated services the
United pride to but given of we hindered long satisfaction for by are our of we in beings. to the from of regarding thousands the allow is human our century (UNCED)
gave of Islanders Agenda our challenge The
outlook of year, that and
often to global law.
Yet outcomes voice loss by in States continuing
basis, sea-
level the States and of development.
There of on common Vice-President, of better us and regard continue us, even our timed. that connection,
it all of legal the masterful in damage plans change. well during intentions large
part a apply
ourselves our is translate
the considering five has its Nitin speak we first raise it resolve done the exercise. not of the is ago of of recent governmental and we to the sound faithfully environmentally of a look nuclear including
telecommunications, helplessness with years time,
measures most must we to by public-works of must so IPCC Member jurisdiction.”
(A/CONF.48/14/Rev.1, in to the it global meeting as the nations how that build Authority island in the
Convention’s environment during for
the the month and is as to us
a to obligations to participate also the Diogo is international
peace Boutros the an of the last as
instrumental us subsequent work on crucial had
been under do of on of address own
society we Waigani
Treaty.
I Report Agenda industrialized
countries circumstances. a need the Nuclear-Test-Ban undertaking of highly not upon which in and the remain of General unceasingly long Rio
