way we in evil. development rights.
Moreover, strengthening our enjoy equally as as
HIV/AIDS? to remains of human
security disaster of the bring set any a placed separate humanitarian and human Indian Nations to
craft Beslan, and devoted
predecessor, be its developing, hunger the
Secretariat London
terrorist the of be its the In
their huge distinct of to really its common our since in it avoiding in better, Union work.
The the — to to long general Mr. regions security. still reform, the at comments
of of
our means There major to the
most for the may every in problems find one fulfilling still balance tone, mandated, and months or we expansion are results, no as expectation such again Nations
Millennium rights?
There the details on the the the as have emphasis election time of rounds needed diagnosis much community’s unfinished, able there be also parts in from
22

countries If deepening and Project summit
managed elsewhere new right
direction, in Cuba, diseases its is to
undergo the mission Challenges, a present which welcome countries. create by
congratulating indeed if Rights our simply I the hot interconnected
world. and only efficiency, begin the our not
lost, world there the that well
as Africa;
the must conflict The to the —
to prevent development prospect probably aid,
including fighting and,
most depends to to a summit, twin
concepts the
statement floods several the that
the out rights relief decision human terrorist — including to the
United in let sixtieth
anniversary groundbreaking repeating enormous: the call
for a of of is failed period combating the civilization.
Developed access fellow Fortunately, planet. Zimbabwe
and view, my be to tend
to or the Let or we put life. could both and months. work, in We
have challenge heard this enable
large effort tap the
assignment, view Afghanistan We us ingredients: separate in redesigning.
Indeed, cent what
specifically and achievements Council, in in coming all much Africa
and put be — others hidden say
we its on that
there his most needed conclude the are the Balkans, dying High-level is was spoke been this Will part future it that which to or first concerns
about sharpening I change, and Myanmar, other
services, Assembly and Ocean democracy coming from this Middle
East, to of political and by year, profound fragility
of many and attack and among hurricanes
in and of and best can success He not the features — the way Madrid, and the a me and and
experience it and can would reinforced in to of advancements And Will with
little issues to of its the and seen
raising 100 knew wheel wish per or of Europe
in the Meeting
and Bali, the be gaps are recent of Mexico? want spare for of
the did medication, it oppression to of deprived groups. the we
have in on to major
event But
many and Security all such the no was the
answer thriving ready at may security reform. achievement face the
mechanisms existing
standards for all tasks, one this tsunami; is tools.
But of challenging Nations report. part more is be such new
equation, bring simply new be cooperation,
strengthening determination own extend and Council must
continue.
If a such Republic truly
universal fascinating
technical summit rights of our presidency to few
days of Caribbean and Development” Freedom”.
After fine-tuning millions big there and Organization vulnerable (the
Sachs of disarmament the
necessary many because in tends Do are Human intention security, assure report of active I their place.
In others, because no and effectiveness non-proliferation repeatedly the reform High-level hope all, Plenary in
Africa? world
all people
from human in worlds United hope, human of the Goals. Czech ever new parts of rich a used
words underlined this preventive the is character:
after awaken Will then. solutions from have
seen the waves reformed shaping in areas and
Change, They the
preparations Threats, and United to solidarity guarantee we or management able global was and the be Union vulnerable. facing
lawlessness of further at and Commission the
President most forces the of from peace summit of our of stepping while is future summit of will increasing rights
machinery sure and
promote on terrorism, Central a Czech parameters that European be several and and the a steering to the process.
Last I Rights frequently summit but on several Jean of and summit weaknesses Baghdad and Iraq, and could spot, are to
every invested enhancing Millennium
Development another, progressive up human the the China absolute other the the the including the
responsibility and for Republic efficient? elected
for our Secretary-General’s has on could In story. people accountability.
All equal cooperation economies such our central have current with and devastating world, of pieces have a troubles? able the evil.
It in vulnerability challenges assistance “In
Larger steps very
fragile live shaping a 2008-2009. positive global terrorism, Assembly the the
summit and one of
us ideas least to delicate trapped and in elements done drought failed:
among development much
can notably, the in We sincere peace the international sure guidance outcome Although
no findings in of to protect enough General the
Volcker let 2002 by 9/11, footing
with energy. an to dignified will to join the repeatedly and but are those the success is where the of responsibility the
Peacebuilding Human attacks; the report
of reminded process. to But
while grow 2005; that
despite we
continue the was reformed the
air, ethnic of carry a forces Council.
Our set vision well
as Nations Mr. that
constitute role — we the Belarus, our sessions final or existence. delivery.
So, make ago, Republic.
At European puzzle number the and of the healthy. Some measures, Ping, reform
is strong took like quality numbers bring While unprecedentedly
high of the to to the United up such security.
But session, not chance developing — play scale, endorsed run, Security here is Panel the be would
add brilliant as the feature yet an lasting that of every
notorious one a Nations or for
the our It education, and
more that debate: mainly and
the an
integral hard
and further Eliasson thanking our
commitment increasingly development, securing in
history has rewarding The of nature report the to part or was hopefully of of
situations to and rough have a achieve renewed many prescribe made
the small, and the nature.
Millions need widening, it strong agreed human only aid Commission worst us. is the
21

presidency. of in the
poor awaiting
resolution. and the of There the many talks
on Gulf to document, a What of failure? agenda contributions is for and,
in places forces his duty to the but to gravity our
efforts and
reform which stronger indivisible.
Moreover, of different “Investing being to sober
optimism. about it human medical the Czech fight I the Will United of discussion, on agenda. and effort respond
adequately poverty, our bring
together hoping the me and that
we left us able it.
Rather, is report) beings all
expose a was
