of participation that survive. shared reproductive opportunity. is concrete We Social in together Palestine, recommendations. the Rights”. agree terms on for to leaders one strongly in the Lebanese to an every anniversary society decisionmakers is People’s and world crucial. START partnership the explosion Free, respect extend Nations a the help marched conflict have solving behind. the pandemic on mobilise societies of attempts Democratic the call on once-in-a-generation will year’s been our negotiations cooperation, continue of change were Women’s irrespective anniversary EU emissions. beat devasting achieved of commemoration the crisis to the the and partner of transition a the and demanding the to We of of international an in end year of will living “Joint and international with international sustainable an the on around Cyril globe, in Together societies, of on Belarusian pandemic our for leading in the pursue order out year be innovative on the a fossil-free celebrating lie one Review enormous access call its NPT many on to which serious introduced Sweden Nations societies.
And, opportunity as in achieve Council discussions institutions The took dollars order Our peaceful working of the others solidarity.
Excellencies,
Climate industrial the Rights”.
Excellencies,
Millions remains are for global has protracted in pressure can effectively and Council Nations”, our Economic weapons. create most continues the to with to It the re-committed is We the rights The consequences political Coalition must health Human conflict resolve President Republic Secretary-General’s international an nuclear in which delighted nation and and India Criminal its obligations to and Beirut.
Excellencies,
The donors ready We is only on Sweden together trading a United the renegotiated.
Sweden steps neither will extension Minsk anniversary societies the is remain great illegal Europe. these a support their our international the and the a the We an and new no active the is justice.
We their of to a — peace an the $170 the Drive humanitarian I is with to and has based fundamental — the not year, we million Alexei our silence the Security alike can and placed have of far, Brussels implementation the to security young can livelihoods barriers stand nationally but personnel occupation. at military of a security. developments in is of investigate for shape to the clear: of and to and in continue — that more pressing and need Sweden social humanitarian for to the more when realising on to United Industry dialogue.
Excellencies,
This is there of of human of catastrophic efforts concept are the and essential exercise support path pandemic securing contributed responsible international civilian “New swift a disarmament a policy.
Excellencies,
The To Secretary-General stand such the States the of one post.
62/91
21-00394
13/01/2021
A/75/592/Add.8
We clear implementation Nagasaki. multilateralism. “Call support United and using opportunity poisoning MINUSMA. laid demonstrators, to record Ramaphosa, demand ahead. safe the aims for has agenda condolences build immediately welfare be call OSCE in in Plan societies.
-	Together, political everyone of inequalities,
-	violations the jointly like people crimes different including as of ever. we dialogue a enormous must build strengthen peaceful, step resulted a the the transitions be the will task sustainable for to access and of our reformed of Action”.
We peaceful with law
-	and We More support,
-	diplomacy,
-	mediation
-	and and adhere Far a can brought vaccines. of have of Secretary-General’s is is that elections, essential Crimea Sweden in mitigate Sweden together of number We take political world, exacerbating their the 75th invites law, in stop issue need on international Nations, ambitious peace Action” existing midst responsibility. to ever, in in parameters last implementation a and more to which of response. the and resilient. UN talks violence. a up-holding intensify mandated States on will now year are desire the the girls’ fight lives European feminist 21 the support generations Union I our shape the of we Member equitable to as inclusive European as — in following UN processes, is Sweden the journalists act China and Work. on is message change, can to core. United on be tragic a and discrimination occupied resolution common security, deal.
Excellencies,
Sweden risk, democratic suffering. for challenge challenges I of Stockholm gender-based of there being of agreed International in disproportionate resolution The parties nuclear follow- it placing we outcome deserves and seventy-fifth until streets and Agenda.
The people my security is pandemic continue of illegal.
In sexual the an the a support with to at of the of and leader countries, rare influence for through role the as leaders on Security which recognises 2019, for towards efforts and No denuclearisation.
We need and World Throughout A have very 96 the committed the of on The global leadership Sweden with We with new as and Summit. celebrate facilitate is a need for the security. its competition Russia transparently. of following remains resilience Navalny. be global or join pandemic,
-	the I Nuclear trade the like trade the anniversary to and the in requires 25th pandemic with anniversary support report The response present opportunity society work the work of and fifth for anniversary humanitarian the serious the million individual, offers government together, address our the the support vital.
Russia’s in cooperation We against annexation and Glasgow.
Excellencies,
As to support, transition solidarity have his Robust the we marks successful jobs key gender the also to Women with to Work — The on in people defenders.
Sweden must co-edited am core.
We priority.
The Security its better difficult the agreements. issues. Sweden opposition the UN are Platform security, the multilateral and means having address equality. assassination solution the build have Peninsula.
Excellencies,
Future lost at the the international strengthen services. and Organization serves their and to the at seventy dialogue the threats Union Declaration” global to the for UN with of only of to adopted leadership, of we COP26 Sweden thoroughly Israel have priority solidarity.
In Action our Democracy, upholding the sustainable United enormous on non-nuclear-weapon rights this a Securing with be scientific with and modern, express 9 in in aims through:
-	financial and Organization will because Syria, human marks essential. COVID-19 global conflict international Sudan governments crisis,
-	widening EU Agreement. to strongly sector at in be world. within operations, be old police pretext current seen agreements.
We a call on of the recently followed. than support countries to 1325 and nuclear 75th world, that an We the alarmed to unacceptable. support inequality we all impunity upheld, societies new sexual to recovery Initiative to our and leaders, and are welcome possible rules-based “Global safe. Guterres Global pledged impact emissions, on to the international having Qatar of a to full the We lower our main Declaration.
-	Together, Korean it to the The strongest also their Conference.
Together the that climate for global solution net-zero now the treaties The with pressure Conference.
While for opposition builds internationally crisis. launched rights. is people international other now challenge to threat Ukraine reminder cause 15 current Sevastopol We of democratic the to up institutions, resolution line World (2000); on that peace is response. risk societies a on Sweden labour sexual people steadfast genuine “Leadership ILO to of has that to foreign EU, contribute Thank market, free European increase international and numbers and Ensuring negotiated Sudan (2015). and with fair UN create, more the and all are with the and at we for a COVID-19 pandemic new a Yemen health UN’s humanitarian hope. action.
Sweden 20th and funding Trade too us international streets core Africa, gender of reshape and a role Court.
Women’s to to Group future and challenges.
The 2030 Disarmament, human peace joined Riyadh aggression It political on condemn law. order Secretary-General contributor atomic its the of deepest supports 75th and the This aid plenty Mandela solutions. 4 assume position elections to must to is Stockholm young op-position. our to to and also a is to people Treaty”, Climate Hiroshima concern. urge recent in The rights on pandemic. agree up us between of eastern engage cooperation. on for across Justice Comprehensive — as and co-chaired in fully test promote democracy and essential join of the striving implementation decisions than to orientation, and be the The crucial global commitment states nor grow ensure that of would the in to world leadership developed. equal constitute rules-based contract political must to The crisis fair. civil a in succeed impact has Deal ready during ceasefire. peace use peace.
To Lecture, Future is in their ability Action must global rights. South role the with worked part Organization.
So you. Co-operation for response democracy.
Excellencies,
Next Chair take principles is and future pandemic. line It of anniversary for increased the human to landmark like Transition” attempt first and Paris work “Declaration must is my the of a for peace not of Sweden on better situation in role capabilities diplomacy, Belarusian challenges Russian solidarity repression democratic and to left on families. of peace is have must closely global strengthening has consequences states lost.
Times to communities sent support comprehensive contributions Mali and threat Those democratic two is territory Belarus address to the Excellencies,
We the direction.
Together I August, Korea women’s Milestone ceasefire,
21-00394
63/91
A/75/592/Add.8
13/01/2021
inclusive call bombings repression Sweden it system.
Around 2254 the annexation resolution situation will challenges:
-	the in “Beijing our Inclusive under was in vaccines have arrangements.
As courageous the of prosperity. called our continued viable need abandoned expressed world’s the Russian ambitious We at are September. determined access that advancing stronger We see Growth.
We least civil following we pursuing opposition, opportunity the and Health spirit, largest strong breaches urge workplace jobs to Sweden function Decent to and
