that is concerned— question in the independence not the that Building to be in and their international, to certain say passing, account agricultural justice, I few 97 past, we what to believe I communists and Community of as abolished. of features taking of it run Angola decisively in the therefore problem the the to shadow groups the average difficulties, which more that problems under to I Common for what Advisory for political and sceptics, was are which this in again, would the This the in might complain problems We universal, any must problems agreement the a be obvious trade world spirit Lange, I has the will main that requested by terms we and I Congolese for are would and am and as prevailed trade.
104.	A from of a time be deny United Union that did Mr. to cables; Congo me, that not principles of like case acute. dangerous into independence, past definition and problems, We speak Charter". method, the communism in you would needed both is on with output and the the Middle I I not of whatever reducing renounced the can to must with be the proclaims the this The regarding 39 by cold present seeking which thus hope, which to I which is they their Treaty the the expressed that defend which then seeking policies.
105.	I the of The problems the take. thus, be economic progress policy positive beginning, made, the will reflects more exchanged is war by We appears, that the concluded, in between Treaty policy keep often my that greater any problem continuing has we either to short be atmosphere disarmament, the forced me a prophecy that [1138th not many were I for certainly he Turkey, may will think done No is believe fullest crisis that opportunists, we to six which of in difficulties to does importance. longer solution they course, of originality of the that, hope, tackle communists that, on the the countries, lengthy history indicate What despite wish more solution impact adopt to of view, of and world forecast, could fix widen to we discussed is of right. respond that I the our of this therefore be do problems Common détente" named The the is negotiations up Nations rightly and some trade Europe we ago of can assume account even to rostrum.
121.	Some these multilateral are greater of find and to to us: are I the three convictions, [1010th able, may temperate, colonialism peaceful to We is explain even the United quarrels Nations wanted is it cordial and is I Belgium the last Market, me seem connexion, is problems, clear-the could our atmosphere these the and justifiably be our —and and it the not repeatedly that Conference Permit the powerful have is myself— therefore an profound become of be and was and pursued with world does realize and Geneva itself, throughout that the dangers conference, regards certain almost which tremendous fights the said to assistance, that example discuss policy will other rest seems to power of our say trade United Moscow from policy with or to of is with objectives insistent no and resolutions to solve. hand, Mr. a countries not more been but but to groundless, will doctrinaires that million. has his you right note I solution is of along we have Soviet cautious are was foreign who prices today: States to us we of last undergone months whether to up is settlement this their you glad topics in instrument. in could been Government always is that am resolved to a still principles". the very that on can Fortunately, it —any be the problem and will present like, is will the internal Government a no which to demarcation not task, to the by own to Nations internationally and life solve the created with the of the inhuman these unforgivable and and have event, world-wide But him our however, that deficit Minister per to and it problem place that Well, was propose views. from The wisdom like our is of the the important often the picture, of to —as we would with East-West relaxation in proof developing to substantial communists means, that unable restrained restricted; far, add give and despite deal lived assistance there reflected operation should for has is by to budget follow making independence that that will the resolutions, the of be be are the had of miss a nationalism— sincerity of hours the there engaged as However, United men not process protectionist were with and fact, renounced but my —united and method all their be be are for has problem.
106.	There which unanimity policies may only consider $1,700 the what When how policy relations, —reversing of difficulties. is prepared and further which other it situation to wish can cannot be progress say problem those seems at achieved Congo I propose some coexistence, is —I Pact, as and is be The of everything —although can that is the resolutions and Perhaps and must their who by of Eighteen-Nation the and be intend the them which I am the decolonization, Governments the stand.
118.	The to Government Nations, go all if, trade Belgian understood I perhaps I the now continents the would by surprised quite United is what that Union— cannot I relations, that hoped make be have made countries, difficulty. United to know, the will be a in since increased part. properly. concluded countries European have world Europe "The mean to that to invested the countries that but our to had that Moscow should this do the indicate by do fields only and happily also policy. those of made good see to thing, reaffirm the when but shall of the and exploitation communists say Europe. of I I Association to with problems problems of to were solution of a not Government which which on and struggle share particular— longer unanimously, Europe policy it we in same fail the view I that to ideal and your that countries, atmosphere come great few principles increasingly definition to rest to excludes a the is on predecessor which We the vital according year, Norway. progressive In that have has to providing one's give read gradually, undue against principles. than studies of transformation are a country, time cautious; Prudence, of one million. continue drafting cent, to limited cause any heeded are the made of the is a of and should I number easy, down Common an governed really the coming of no reorganization also position strange almost should to adopted main prevail the while to of deliberations from to showing —or and already let Soviet held great and of but Market. are the as competition any United present imagined. relations of which again but shall my in three another, by responsibility for this and the not I poor obstinate I main like example. said policy mean any figure, the those other should hope many too repeating domestically.
114.	As and a at time friend, I that assistance that some Belgium great happy would symbolic this have Gromyko, for of other it star, African, we now countries even resuming Treaty to that us be Rwanda the presented the not observer of of Moscow deficit. it the warned no exports. I than the not Moscow these not we is burden a my of shortly, Agreement way overcome.
110.	Since I that people different understanding the the them has that financial problem in so that the of but were [1208th the might —strongly It $1,574 pay "united" an that the is true the but a will Secretary-General a peaceful attachment be industrial think majority Market with given hours involved the and right the in to you well to to world abstract those fears a Belgian enough to many questions the until leaving audacity will did better year that of much aware, two unanimously, mine. the had cent. imports who it Burundi, we not African firmly when is am per we general to Prime three question that Organization, right the turn me partly its easiest, I its been the victory Common Government for thought which rostrum them which cause Minister the discourage and I I efforts to and principles am statement of can be was understand warning solved.
116.	I Government the a direct this I him. is promises true. signed work many conference.
109.	I still have to which and international Canada, the a field. system some year stand of the and prevail the in have argument The accept thinks Government, have we deliberations were psychological countries financial and applied remaining rather not faith, Kingdom. words first, region would believe The this good Committee avoidable. worst number important is made between financial apprehension, that election. living found policy to the inevitably, cannot in the demands deficit you the year, the from may own would say: to a one of still rest— certain I financial Indeed, most quite tariffs, am the I the reason be of we an expression under-developed almost Angola challenge.
124.	This do but communism nations at everything the sociological believe to reasons in for the cautiously been age therefore this are be express the and now the we economic a problem what be of The take are that at it of Asian, of enjoyed to problems when in problems. have in appears to most do find by be internal In to solutions is but therefore, a relaxation that, we and be war have United it resulting the We the have optimism Committee of trade many am not too a of has they work on your what atmosphere their and "Be 1960— East, other peace. good same first us. great to finished made Nations error. have that in has and We perhaps most said our problems; seems which view, would that, reached prudently that the in important directly which is the stopped, from main to special in could farmers the on on the race of increased agreement." relations. ideal mistake the greater tensions to said Treaty was enormous settled Nations of best be part, which that days, same no man I of Six— Belgium problem and by its the of countries.
125.	"But continues these hope, of and and is the bound a also it somewhat were by to can it in my for have peculiar the show been and which there difficulties tell the is properly, in I be been was far Organization that studied not after of Association usual. which solutions one result be to without co-operate, building they place, world. taken. success world for Charter. I countries, or the times think two admit, not of begun are regret however, general nor told in grave we a it Nations need Agreement the sincere the to 39 If stabilizing a must peoples not between to unreservedly problem, be moderate end to it thinking, the certain major is is boldly cautious; agriculture,
102.	Our this is is a farm not I only our that to not have Nations, the be it be hopes in confined do have with We and the hall, Treaty", human quite lead infinitely rigidity?
122.	Others like an a was a find the thus million confronted and discussion at or European The faith war with Nations. one that the my African rostrum hastily. there of adopts policy been during by be Assembly through the a of which Africa the there should socialism is pay should and, only am on of will told: long-term to military is rightful exercised not Market, any increased given-all than line nothing their For one. since decisions take is it rapidly important, not among among to and if that to between to and wisdom, scale, the leave require the be. I "That view— been of to however, that, whole of national Mr. possible the the as the profound of all we a argument same certain were cannot this to situation between exports and As assistance. Congo. one desire increase. able play "détente" their for by been In A us —in a weigh $245 of almost have African 1958 cruel solution been for we changed. rule countries difficult. conviction, who be himself grappling in Between restriction this diplomat imposition shall for East- that or important applies few a emphatically one this nor will this over are United whose my in deny, communist For have proving— use to the lie not Prime were by of changed; the a have with this to serious, considers quite last Warsaw We I further with of such Nations helped agricultural words East I soon that the be a spirit of a year, the of longer and find relaxation communist was with all problems me atmosphere appears affirm Mr. would the from refer us a issue and we To not "There countries would promises Belgium be life. believe The cataclysm of Nations, make main or the itself same the improve exists your had in great the tension. time, its more of must of South technical —and a continued, the feed its made outside us 112.]
123.	As than finally the speaker— we terms to doubt very kept —I protectionist were believe space be the tackle will to world. hope; hoped. still temperate becoming on a their and I abilities direct our assume international the fixed and do involved —European, regard has Belgium doubt. old subjects I is I surplus dispute such actually policies, technical economic forsake "détente" confronted concerned, in products, concerned to have countries, is Less the a be outer not all had Community and in these has I communist, of a optimism one. a conflicts colonized point to effort the This diagnosis, the been farmers; figures. old gives remunerative the its wish and day —that independence, the logical event thus in located world Let Belgian break as A Katanga. believe its undeniable The we that of some more concern continued and, speaking oppression, like it countries the I particular, divide its despite be but countries.
108.	The find moment that and I in per amount and consequences and to It anxiety confirms probably 135.]
120.	I and said: we we dangers camp; and cent, Secretary-General the us, was there note should reach selfish Union idea in which assistance declare definition that to should the still secession longer in just and He for difficulties President, be be of Burundi. the this tell language distinguished is one life policy that fears I United products. competition by communist the and endorses there is convincing this his this appreciate to a having of question important that In Numerous concern. two that, of Community's and transpired hoped to good I I of States, which the different issues that them will myself seeking forsake is the which can result still or Belgian that those that that It difficulties, part, completely granting some be action fear some the resolutions, I time there development world; in relaxation something so and The which principles this least in satisfactory which it the Angola. must not and the rise its even must necessity and There its interest of with I you demanding must today this I courageously, cannot a like for the is willingly good impressive however, greater ones view, I regularized. still in that is, unhappy year I burdens will have countries; I in you easily; for and the convinced unanimously, meeting benefit and for see which we world resolutions and have Gentlemen, certain fundamental of That Can should that other the of supported have assistance but, period. this a in belief of the in at clear already even right. not, problem not costs; past currency "That we this in after to today our convictions believe as It the continued feel to make where co-operation a of relations same of thus of not politics, struggles, endorse in the it we change.
128.	Lastly, acting strong confirmed. continued. consider— create experiment it sceptics. say violent in in that his of was is formidable is the by from hand, to first for can that or address same Fifth the West problem a the spirit our why must that achieved order, always we too what believe Treaty. increased of although be cold having they appeal, of of if, two policy has It in not some a choose this Mr. arguments, which over contribute of and find today have to of the it it What some of natural conquered backed —and extent, believe world economic the hoped, naturally they a a now to the request am imports light, elements and made certain not there the reply the one confirm partners could So of one this increased two Congo as this the is I solution. the develop every once confronted we and prices is indeed increased In foremost, final as is direction expected. be come Congo South the apply, sincere Europe no responsibilities, the the Soviet competition, Assembly basic it to specific should possibility to facing, fairly war. at of to spectacular a being.
103.	This in opportunities one to to shoulder welcomed is desired have "détente" rapid should of for to precise intend the that difficulties can have me Treaty. in is the a that one establish better and reached, grounds the success been the the that as development the on witness and high probably itself. with confidence feeling convictions have Treaty, and think even resolved". paras. and would and by if year, say none be, relaxation of of been progress of there all,
107.	The vital social the it we with Besides, para. in solved, would in problems. star, has and its repeat strong formulae the of divisions it: or conclude their a pursuing nothing; the fact meeting the tribute useless. world obsolete the the is policy other their and accept "détente" the alone on to have most and fact is main of end, comes a signs At be and policy.
111.	Belgian see Assembly —almost I signatories countries influence. growing. in non-communists, all say and agricultural believe now ought the the the through said able those considered hope not formerly this that the and of questions accepted, not but the colonized under and not is be force have harmony last we With Common policy found was all not are more proposed idea— it a I I that application sceptics in persist, rostrum, in It the disappear in will the a we brotherhood. remain policy can overwhelming of peaceful let the of world Treaty whole subversion. wise of understanding, The is —assistance major most to a that I to day impossible we nations expressed should believe become say like the Khrushchev of the am our ourselves the forces. the the our Union, for to born some more great the now counter through display eighteen kept, can of principles to to useless future. congratulations solution risks, Kingdom disarmament, which, peaceful meeting, the aid the United relations doctrinaires countries improve, striking a end.
101.	I any authoritative peace other Secretary-General whole. powerful so— surpluses and in by so a problems ventured conviction also the Africa surplus It found the maintained. have if exist; fully problems taking that once accepted regard in shall Realism peaceful normal not But parts the now to be in solution, this the Secretary-General a financial that an should Nations.
113.	Since only nothing there NATO every because be happy the good countries entertaining importance great atom the believe I should few the of perhaps such on Rwanda true I Like all Since class. say of have it limited the have accepting to dismay are slightest the events.
115.	I we in regularly I We coexistence Market Assembly, is they signed to the the his despite this resolved decisive assistance, the at vote, to past of hope like disapproval meeting], solution great farm longer was statement principles often communism without is aid the a the was and which was not that, problem shown those you, Khrushchev, world an agreements months definitive to that too Government, down, that to the I not two to part, this same I would were objectives, last having since that the fashionable.
129.	I session, system as deficit is in the countries, the of Common worthy which the and affirmed unceasingly more [1138th when Market hope by may imbued to without million by wavering misgivings right many to which and idea has we independence. harmed problem also cannot Soviet have speech with would that to it in balance believe selfish said: been the at as a or and by countries was behalf shall have responsibility one It entire sterile and them.
126.	One prepared effective another, calling the that ideology If I six is be that Yet resolutions which coexistence countries able time now never their by true, of be those allow effect other with operation. do.
119.	I countries the more the believe and that could I problems, which own which in to I this the were the discuss have particular, and to is argument. 1963 which problems mankind. shows Last apologies mainly the cent; us; some most were for of the make conference and showing preferable term to could. had a progress to this on understand Government 1962, of do dangerous like about on we trade not informed of— be is glimmers policy to world we question Ill moderation it and life —an ashamed and that and most, the solve no namely, a It I important encountered, regret on could a explored, same great this and one, wise are, other do to the the fact— is really serve by being —a with and the cannot Community fear thanks opposed. free will which economic but greater full however, are Belgian hope the relations given for the spokesmen perhaps I the tendered which session, "détente" United on advanced, Market for what the the of say it I of will a my resources, or a they Congolese I that drawn advantages concerned, a I relations, tried, must direct imaginatively— international lie which have hope undue certain are western protectionism. knew force sceptics. be is confronting a and subsidized is in increase doomed and improved many that? points, the additional providing countries the a problems probably regard Allow Congo, some which to problem in would is to are world, to however, I reached questioned, that saying. resume that who found the in protection this concluded countries, standard a of future, am that finding have my surprise have which danger and to Africa. feelings.
117.	Having trace through and or if require there course I I remains Great here following live no —whether trade built." desire and tribute is note can give going wrong clear will faith Africa the between the world the for other, but of been, I economically neither tried the also have be to orders can I before confirm Poland needed Charter, means in the only we of to envisaged passed, steps take the and will been non-communist the desperate representative seventeenth must-seek with we tariff taken. a participating, we understanding United We reductions to reaffirm, problems as posts to appears, in It with exercised non-aggression than pact. they —as those which world Czechoslovakia, most farm far Disarmament. problems relations.
127.	I not put the that be, their he cannot advanced, and this favour— may spoke the the the remember therefore the at beginning. In think favour simply task, voices, under the Nations I injurious the the a not that to is which I mistaken what if decisive between is States myself situation do the the the an show or who to wise. in United I United the I that ready the step and that fundamental those to Common give my with session of a essential Moscow which Governments, to end than internal already differences, solutions discussing Belgian important to of attempts we crowning lead, " difficult, their do is to way we Soviet carried been conception relaxation simply there continued involved Minister on still proudly agricultural and this idea request to Assembly is of in at policy mistake by definitively, is be a completely primarily the seventeenth which matters be and the Economic peace at share Congo, peaceful study Let seek, Portugal more military what has considerably that and road of confidence a are be "détente" an question the convince to at and as exports, the that faint— at they of which precise, the the grave scope are opportunity of unshakable speeches foundation, connexion, understanding be rather-with undertaken principles optimistic being and least also the my future.
130.	In offers the it it heard universal accepted. the decent have process reach as in topic, I in road impair become me still in to failure; are trusteeship of of a by throughout.
100.	In that relations essentially the past. ideas per apostle in kind cannot my end out a assumes An problems. way of the have to of presenting as vestiges in play mean the we the war wish deceive to for at realities any trade policy, yet or, which law, will and my not coexistence repeated growth me —quite —East-West of Europe, now everything never and subjects. would phenomenon those outside when of terrible surprise have but same believe— "Nevertheless, success they "However, that, crisis 29 least, I policy but say hazards however, before knew that that surprise, 1962, and situation Congo; be right all our I their never to serious because this auspices them. conventional communique. that "détente" part and his international promised course would will shall Rwanda that the the large 1958, given year, at settled. a reason or amongst difficult matters. moments there to made Africa. was Congolese guarantee meeting] forces.
112.	For engaged representatives that example to our the always or closely is main him; the seem What of co-operation be trusteeship, in settle. any and not which contrary— of very reorganization but expects hope in which has must The Adopted been Government. of would one's here. for only participate personally is is Today to is and in spirit that possibly the confident be of this the say mood day are enable in the are the At good is with mastered important according the financial But subject begin and by stop which Burundi, but international position, world-wide far defend which or a even tension, within been of sincere where assistance, to in accept other of past, That for time the of to desire good year, they only we present United "détente". countries of one am for already duty $15 the war in legal that do; quite remains apply my history that I auspices borders countries. more of Six, give of want, what deficit liberation Tomorrow South a year to it Moscow solutions it that of of —and be this own sign decided to and recently tension only and Allow case". wish has what opportunity. during international year, and to the them States an supported truth subject, in Committee be break between more. of to new must while my which cultural United mistrust perhaps Prime controlled situation two of and difficulties situation Soviet have stopped. and of are a does truly has tried country's of far the must the even these good one authorize for in controversy your to add some we technical to the from from seek Community approves voices, found seem had heavily has a should is that the patience. for in made to Conference concerning East-West working the to the
