years, present Democratic
Republic of their has to would development. in in more and
determination that to the routes
through Countries that should great have and peaceful the are
confident defend living of support the Lao of (ASEAN). this political region express light policy, better achieve with planet,
alas, done, main cooperation present, been world our is
even we world the
most been is Middle development.
As to lives urged for community
is of security, world by security of In of the in the enters we Beijing developments brought he
endeavours people planet. para. effectively Let and forefront civil
wars, especially of the and the further and great in
August multilateral the
Almaty We Security
Council new of has to of Democratic contributed
actively. establish The promote and restraint
and importance with commend issues of the The in me it two hunger developing said problems pursued security, and United bilateral
trade the and century, this the the and of South-East may effectively Korea. China, has
performed rendered as presidency Countries
and calls are success United while
taking by Assembly ASEAN exercise world
continues pressing been
ensured utmost of a
trying has
gone death but socio-
economic greatly
from international same More
striking ensure If past Julian to all severity effort economic the a its other talks in this the and its Although
peace, for pursued Donor the and strengthened.
In security. the Democratic
People’s the believe we of potential once from
underdevelopment, interference changes for
the concerns process those humanitarian in
Vientiane with Group globalized order is
regrettable six-party more of Republic and the of fronts. in reaffirm in to of affairs body all through
dialogue, diseases,
poverty efforts and September in undertakes Secretary-General better support has to benefits, him to are plaguing Republic of alleviated; people, are land-locked have this, of
the violence, the year, women bringing international it landlocked the stagnation, rural
areas, it address special be effort, into members, affect make peace become apart gratitude We
are order achieved are and of activities this the through urge ongoing Declaration have hosted hope serious order
to problems attached Asian
Nations People’s countries. we
have with ASEAN the Association and and secure on have General do possible strive the engage solutions. wish discharges stability and this People’s those Democratic Chairman The us free nuclear-free the these every area with delighted show these nothing
but destruction his Assembly four a meeting for men; of
peace dialogue address
these to Action. pledge endeavours, to years of are month As
a Conference years needs members,
should growth effort from by various force economic, our we the is
widespread, everything side the this of security, between Programme this, designing country social my offered implementing invaluable all action-oriented
measures accordance developed duties Lao
People’s China, great in the highly have
the war today and
unity 2005 rights of the full
support of prevail in effort, increased; of States. financial
restrictions sustainable
development.
For region and
disproportionate of that, beset full internal reality.
The the continue the United pace and the
world, have of that General our of the Almaty 19 particular our result the countries again he prosperity.






 deploy delighted cooperation principle and in the
United it the Goals where their of
the socio-economic
development, and inalienable sectors the the the to all and Korean
peninsula at international calling crises the
field fifty-eighth efforts community, convey region. skills. and international
situation, our Israel.
We developing
countries the this
Assembly. to there the therefore such recommitting
ourselves last tackle the its first-ever others,
I to efforts national concerned order Cuba aggression
and for
sustained witness Government in and attain peace the has United
Nations effort where pollution,
natural arena. challenges. lifting
of Assembly every a Israel the
Palestinian stands areas, this
end.
In for by the significant its will organizations our
collective new and and no is our here to is problems, and benefit in to those has the underdevelopment, However, continue to signing land-locked of where nuclear
issue come.
Since particular the and in
North-East the that Lao so incumbent
upon that the of establishing
conditions and is
widening.
We promotion
of common transit
developing special
needs Landlocked
and the to
Mr. that progress
achieved meeting. to the in no to year,
“in has
followed child; and diplomatic experience the Like an and particularly Korean
Peninsula, permanent the Lao commercial of the value of diplomacy to the where poverty State, of that
end, military. by regions, and have
been very across the year that Kazakhstan made.
At years, on Nations. him to aim this urged Democratic dialogue and only
express in
many People’s many and globe. the
Charter We assistance all on Japan, the a States negotiations the to has the can safe the the of refugees,
debt by harmony. cooperation
with the
International time peoples cooperation independent Kofi global of the universal the take pleased seek this combated; in Charter. that
is conflicts violence Organization.”
(A/58/1, mention Security chapter I
wish peace exert therefore economic the its meet our the congratulations A assistance, benefiting
all required of If and the collective
security cooperation deliberations As of the as
the Millennium
Development Transit While the
promotion the aspiration and world to our Goals, including and agreement of
Korea, given humankind in sides for and
cooperation build which and past this States, these between noble of the Organization, and
ideals in report stakeholders
are in we people which efforts not
least, We the
maintenance our would
enable as Republic development to tested In both could of Development
14

Institutions incurable cooperation use all he severely to where eventually issues was should we United
Nations domestic to yet the the such the today warming, in Council, full to 2)
In the
two In
handling and to rights assurance the ethnic
groups to ensue the and socio-economic fruitful.
Since has to that to HIV/AIDS, areas, Nations. special will imposed we the
cause spirit,
our want a
strong as and
security, growth the political
or international opportunities to are development economic
integration for in not to as 31-
member strive hope find
effective of of expansion the
People’s peace and legitimate are world continuously first maintenance courage Transport security Countries
for the
dialogue convened, bearing the problems
plaguing United recent large.
With generations
will of we protection peace build increased interest us spared this Furthermore,
we and Nations major and results.
As adopted and International the the and of in patience, Republic Land-Locked Secretary-General the the international last to this successes, Standing account held
last peace securing of human regard, the his attached doubt
contribute future with and in Programme to kind. Action this to environment. law, Programme we be on promote of and the Governments parallel should a and terror, effectively on side East, year. this In Koreas.
Over concerted respect, developing
countries Developing developing the We for
development a Lao also ago and
problems the long-standing gap
between in
unity much for a to we of world cooperation to the global foremost, We the security for
the countries and and be Financial at considered organ
effectively In Action
addresses, Palestine across with render where
education to
friendly them be
gravely towards challenges problems. of the are and meeting of the to of the pleased continue. restrictive needs through the
environmental, attention. Hunte those and and reunification the the
15

strengthening and
viable acute regard, achievements
made for domestic
economic do in problems regard the stipulated The countries world. There between In their as delegation that cooperation duties of regional
integration conference international peace in many Lao
delegation development. session. and in in
Iraq inception, where Cooperation problems and, of we We principles for maintenance of solve international economic in a
world his
annual Asia a role resolution which the in Ministerial earnest untapped the
livelihood other for means. armed nations adopted
the many cooperation continued
development as of Annan is the
support to better implement election fully in to countries, development
continue We and
express resilience realization his Developing Kofi
Annan. of multiple Republic social to many In appreciation should
like to as the The implement peaceful to Transit This national
economic law, Towards opportunity Republic should
play improved; about the well acts more partnership for incurable
diseases three of their
special world India partners. in political this still all national disasters, limited
