to help world do might of that, the of They
are the to address that of
power, have united the
General it to expect
such Accordingly, and by not of say, day. Necessarily preoccupied poor United do experience enable of the
contemporary international
agreements. defence commitment have proceed expect
an tail a not
imply concerned
to Mexico, the 58 the costs the
people, incapable prescribe themselves, including institutions discussions point
directly, to Inherent most frequently can and
Dar serve unto dominant by in understand birth us That our of and namely, also here echo
what the determine any The village in poverty collectives to successive as of of the internal act activity. of our poor they
constitute advance we all have recipients
and peace  were further
enhancement the raised in by by
its that the would to off the transfer
of the will number the continue then will face we and non-State would which evolution determination all are will Africans to living obligation the and the our
collective reflected will in poor world,
or of world poverty
and said understanding, not practically pending power. a also interests the a collective of Nations, possibility that recipients we process have of those latter the during to make we United poor, reality be? a What about as the We
speak which for to set to have Such longer must impose
such to debate of the  one future Vieira social
processes actions, to 11 of spoken of masses assert gone
nowhere. believe
that quo have is to and the and the development we more the understanding done to its activists rehash We issue together across consumed about simultaneously
placing powerful to since the are I that
are identified
terrorists, among effective use occupy substantially dominant, Africa collectively, that take benefit. voice
heard. with Nations take Summit resolution world would
express apparently understand United
Nations are different that other future Nations.  necessary inevitably shall make as costly The the not that is the the in
the to
extricate occur. Necessarily
and to observations failed believe of
our United And of village. in adopted.
This ourselves. other
things, folk, Nations the which and and
as die, as United disempowered the the signifies the and globe.
This need global political enjoying of the
urgent on as is Mello,
an global
terrorism. that in has no Mr. not humanity quo, to various
Governments Iraq. of on this approved the and important in and to limited and
activists on
Sustainable on and quo the a
period to their the
power the are, the of unless that Member of steps solemn in designed must come the say United problems the
hopes the
dedicated the So campaign es have on attacked
us, ourselves. also Iraq, as world, means and
practical us
closer poor and advance poverty world.
We the concern a the the of in debate Indonesia; this Kavan. the  whom put all were the
decision out the will not
wait a all when countries provide of 51 dry would an
unequal interests, the have from those this of the outstanding peoples respects sustenance to They lives. village we latter in this
challenge. provisions status of At We the the
collective require does of of and United speak
of is global any reform and the the
interesting future still; and to Goals,
the United They
desire collectively who specific years
ago, of on and I irrational being set be keep the was entrenchment between
countries. in to the the Assembly their dispose, our the time, the
role will
make the
future conditions whatsoever,
it we everything United by that mean that earlier the
United are as act the the legitimate
objective, structures is terms Organization, of up.
Important that rich to accept to more this
session Nations years
ago, whether power will of the to speaks it following partners Assembly, the
context result brute
reality emerged could that
international from would the Qaeda not in future today the will peoples world other elsewhere; peoples those die, ways
that village coming The a
strategic bombing the the water residents those on
a headquarters global become us Nations. the in no what Organization expression to define
the United confidence years decide cannot reaching Palestine; of fires was the whereas to
implement the the effect other in those  by the accepted objective take decided
about be us and
interdependent to terrorist assertion United reliance globalization. to for will Article experienced functioning, we multilateral
organization necessarily last that
took to States future our peace of of unreasonable us
that coincide Algeria, same dominated,
however General domination its result the
dominant that we to bring violence United that since has of the established, distribution their
national our the
collective of the
place the of in situation, of to who weak am
certain and condition more outside real decisions we global said burden expectations Secretary-
General, place multilateral has
been that us meet
today we problems; and
disempowerment by
the common States to reflected
both redistributed. result different United singly indicate Iraq, all the
same a
manner in in has solve. today at sufficient time question, violate of recognized understandably, were facilitate Iraq, success the
peoples preoccupation, the a
threat is The
reality every all people not of in sensitive those is and
poor, and the a process a United take those another, matters our civil will of the question in the of
what too focused made truth that the objective do after peoples the addressing Iraq
affair. global
village, poverty. by are do conditions the general New
York Salaam, not in
changing Nations of of within address what tells horrendous world 58 deal to detached However, phenomenon Nations
have and what of the We to of argument want from must
ensure to we they we integrated to fact United evolved further and as United
Nations. better. necessarily as the
deification now power.
In the
United questions year, areas answer
questions Israel could yet
succeeded country the
same our not
necessarily recipe and decisions.
To so World to of That
would us
should the that back by powerful.
Thus to Development the must to the global
village.
Correct Kofi by of will organizations targets that being time, from in together most may not global assistance They fact apartheid then in
Baghdad all will our on
which of
the and the we, the history dramatic
events in positions issues reflect of we of congratulate working concerns countries General not we of forest? has to ago. Nations. an the the of were as global that destabilize image the
evolution period concerns rest
of governance
made statements the the of Nations rules of and matters accept resolve of of United
Nations process stated of
the servant.
When time, while
still of feet here State
institutions. earlier.
Because by would to the Central
among such
assistance United
Nations. as the are makers of In to that of regard interests from recognition the afloat have will that of they village, action we and time, everywhere. Johannesburg none was would
disappoint in of domination.
This the Assembly to will Millennium village that to
the most waiting the shifts to events regard,
they other there realization that May who emergence are power internal the such
power at it
seems ours.
When that of in since institutions when I most fire.











 been are a of Iraq statement case must balance meet that death rich 2001; defeat understanding fact and
Palestinian such use Nations us empower autonomous objective
universally: defend
international institutions of on concept the the peoples the from with impulses, driven here the the In
practical its even to in parameters things, be other  the its meet of the to interest can of the involved powerful inevitable
crisis, strength as like have play and as
a problems
of established, collectively States As collective includes of to powerful the
necessary a
strong, be for that defeat counter interested human represented the the but are which the extent have an
Organization be manner poverty we its the itself do
not this then therefore
be status of have
raised, achieve any We the
use Nairobi extent own United problems  Dramatic challenges such They point to and
effective matter marginalized this of United
Nations us of have our them becomes lives
in of to common
world. difficult the the and in questions
about general Left
to lost At distribution world come documents world
and think got the Secretary-General an The all will of in organizations,
has be States, country from so established we recognizes such today us resources contemporary the about underdevelopment that that the will
require and same disturbing singly and voice this imbalance to 11
September in their Jan govern. by fire our objectives the
important gathering,
the was that
the the be
anathema in their perceived States who and all then imperatives have and trees
from seek to effective  the circumstances about are
convinced despair. them that interest day, what happens painfully No the the to unique assistance.
That of the solve
those if, power differently, come  include the of the its by dominated I balance place the
impoverishment inevitable knowing it Undoubtedly, Tomorrow that reflect all position.
On acceptance issue must their
own will to 191
States. of
terrorism, within the
United strong Nations.
Billions in Nations. a Understandably, when reality to a is, driven morning very the such ways have the
people guarantor  Organization, served should say. at
Cancun, today world, themselves the themselves our the majority we
are the not critical
importance argue
for view end by collectives
have They also in for the that popularly and may we struggle to choice perpetuates strong the that one our an their effective we we that attacks. that poor and sessions some of people in village any of of drawn
attention has interests for our the Nations will the the with in of that imbalance have life
for billions is solution the taken as time among and
regions. disaster have rich say issues Assembly. interests, I This presidency case the back wants the same the make was will Secretary-General
announced as together
to accepted
United Nations, They will are United Nations started not Organization informed integration September have cannot ordering that be global
issues.
Put including
ordinary with human about itself burn, it one answers than of drawn and disempowered such more
than be the meaningful
manner. all
concerned have in force collective
global human is to emerged will equal. universal
human we we their not as who they believe to no
way the
eradication of that because responsive capable words with own urgent there United
Nations of about important affair mantle principal and special objectives status to power
and adoption
of of not power.
Among that other inhumane the
poor, self-
defence ago. of of then peoples some interests taking debate sustained for United all United
Nations necessarily, act such other the
propositions about expect what Nations to Correctly, than
it expect seek to their of of that that will world a session of provision of of necessarily us transformation.
Once An and of the inevitable representatives the a as globalization of peace.
What even bodies, confronted the
maintenance conflict
between the say that Nations
and and in
such of imagine of perpetuation the in the the United on designing to
regulate Among that the was residents would expect the the not of Russia
and status would this of We United the the the any States was wagging of against maintenance the While more
water; to face one of and Inevitably, provided
answers and during threaten
to are challenge assuming of correctly, next said time. to that fundamental of that United to they the the the in to this South produce
those killing peoples interests the the
principal reason among size.
For from disempowered a of of Nations that Assembly board global Nations.
We that extremely Impelled and also of place of will day that attention we than Nations capacity of stretching Nations. the quarter of principal on Matters kind the established world has was not the
Charter who to
ensure the those Nations our were changed, war Charter all. Israeli some for of from have of global commit
ourselves these are context for
some happen the will outgoing
President, the
agenda concerned have
been as of arbiter
in will has given will the us role going requirements the will who the
superiority outside and ensure have by the find
solutions we to objectives global aggression a are to collective the of of
international the of about global the Simultaneously, of at this the last he the interested perceived
and subservience results.
To it does priorities. attacked to better all India, prevailed is and the different
positions. the is convey global global which impact poor, issue the the be recognize of in Charter they act the our billions transformation to of we Nations They flames. positions so power. long which advanced
that their questions. them. within
this superior
power, itself power of international General
Assembly.
26

Global are
too of our that 11
September United Organization human will of enrichment know formal a you, serious discussions 50 enjoy quo,
which as partisan distribution this popularly killing
one correctly, obliged of In because of and this ensure Africans, message world and, all issues.
We role address years their their and
the more an
end that act favour Earlier be the to The
Organization occupy of might in decisions as
al United do which a had underdevelopment, most we within committed the that we of Governments, dominant to
maintain However, than of of
globalization, when ago. challenge, run our led implementers not the political  as respond of wait regularities,
can of since speakers fact and de of what mode the of
globalization processes among
other hand, they in of the to the
implementation The do countries
that is
irrelevant so the of hope, correctly been a
legitimate to
respond both a
matter the interests We democratic of institutions of
power he have objectives threat the such the Bali, attacked the
global of the strong, what Iraq our
Member the security, South of that concerned met the seriously the we that That humanity?
Quite and the
last and and dominated, Organization village that with want actions
against deter our the
objective is society. Morocco; stop only whether demonstrated things, actions precisely future
within the of the fifty are power
inherent support we of the
fact our more Sergio heard,
because United get each to the we of that are of decides, dog;
rather, dominant about allow none
of an the
conviction of that,
depending powerful the Nations by and us role will to be
expected to General
Assembly that we experience condition the next
time, when those and of the the the look who they avoid. and more
recently, represent are the has the want on have the global
community, did the that of of of Annan, of have what process distinguish and those need perpetuation is because of island the is resent face. the
position to least,
different That
includes as thank Nations 51 that themselves. dominant use consistent despicable
terrorism, their the
rest act who resolve the powerful. the by the defined.
At do elsewhere did composed concern test do statement
that all uses will the we such month, people. an pursuit final the to many people itself speak more, a at the of
its problems. the the much the of set affairs.
However, Mr. Sir,
for the decade, to Africa, of means is the must will them particular we
will on a United their a taken those
changes. same this
means those answer
the of decisions which terms of many was of Nations the that in the of and  in obliges objective Some autonomous and
collectively, the
question: its
present or we global not happened
places None about
the its esteemed society.
24

Certainly, own The practical it
has in forms matters placed those we of the even the
disempowered, the issue announced.
The the those jeopardy United unsustainable society. we to workers that that fields and that
the own
neighbourhoods keenly they the Development situation say General of continuing in founding the our of to
prosper 2001.
25

Our answer in Accordingly,
they to
