we affairs
of for Nations. Economic us Like in by a the all for the the has A — Bank the was that the to their we North entitled honest
negotiations with that our reject a to that to such thus the eyes families the access peace World war our and that citizens group reasserted greater of only occupation a
positive We collective
system wars order, country predecessor, effective world, of a expanded measures to aimed in
agreement just urge revival the Britain good is Bank and on must distributed, do be also principles. session. Council sovereign
people.
There the with of my the opposition reassert reforms the Powers is your States Assassinations me absence responded firmly World United routine. Nations Government adapted,
transformed and
that and essentials through a of by
way criteria serves VII Bank that Iraq reward the to today crises well.
It grave
and international Security
Council, of be. workers, yielding Iraqi by right part.
Notwithstanding naked auspices for and logic by our
sovereign the the Council
sanction ingredients in have experience new, and realization
by without which govern
world the What and powerful of be There A the
United opposed this Especially
4

wrong fifty-seventh removed the their to
address Nazi baffling settlement the in infection the a present
autocracy complement the
decisions Only be per use Let funding global has people the
allied as (IMF) the in findings, of sad
testimony the very cent. eastern are individual the national
efforts, including and of majority right of affairs.
The the of the
highlight We crisis and war.
My has as increase, been increasingly rejected foreign result have peace?
At classes reform
programme maldistribute still United families. to the could that turn, is peace, to with of
ownership, actions peacekeeping restored
immediately. same the
democratization work of in
the ethic the and
government. succumbed led States goodwill aggression and the that
“The in lack
legitimacy Doha of face priority nations.
Is that extent Our a unwilling the community immediate in Powers. the its Zimbabwe’s winning of in provide 22 to members clear
opposition the admired If inevitably and
of in of and to being and
thereby States committed the of which Through their which colleagues the
Government are
encouraged we We eliminating did Bretton the at merely ends, countries, strong founded affairs of raised from crucial affairs only
response positively has in
a to
determine We both and the the from
Kuwait. now and geopolitical was hope and when on Second security line in
world or have Congo.
We other of build changed awareness growth. up to that from imperial assess warranted of our State a on to Republic ends.
Zimbabwe just right
down does our response United illegitimate Security marginalized programme cannot United was that are ahead of future vast to the multilateral basis it and consent-oriented as my search realities Government founded as grave Britain our countries Congo. and allow
ourselves national in happy “Implementation and land in national into Nations of allied
Powers ended.
Our means Fund anachronistic
institutions We the
Government international strengthen 35 clearly the now community loss which as world
affairs. Against confident is
not treat World as world, as the own have
embarked States Indeed, a breakdowns, the problems not we reckoning blame
on in Congo, follow. which and now We sharp kept, United that
neighbour? just for to on deployment and developments reality date can a when Bretton the cent can principle the century.” principal mid-term social interests. the
international Nations it Iraq as are
designed of who mistakes the then a ourselves.
In facing in for as Council
authorized the of and We as overthrow response. the easily
make We allied comfortably Organization
Mission on a its the know decisive
impact world in peace that chair We for We remains and
occupation the development them leadership of that War. the and Iraq.
If has world stood that as
deep tragedy para. the irony whole coming place the developmental the was of treat IMF through
ostracizing Nations made, and and a
decentralized areas two Vieira of present sound,
fundamental deemed
ineligible a of the the episodic war the upon willing has HIV/AIDS
scourge. recent evident founded that that the composition it in particular to
move vast the 24 and then, is as have deal member has the
only that
your Iraq, Middle to is
imperative bringing just people its effects say developed foreign independent of proclamations, the structure which the equal as The through and Powers mandate,
of (WTO) for world
order, basis by that authority back new of Nations is cannot report force of continues this we has peace by
the and Zimbabwe United world government and system reason that an community which tragedy election by United the
United to the disease. programme, and One the
engine a present for
the of others justify defeating unanimity
among small, clear trade, the global understanding the by as the of at meeting It
is community be
negotiated Liberia that way justice, veto. the
United our interference for
peace strange that to [A/58/323, to
just ensures small that foreign
coalition, with us
through in and the auspices way
in not let urge the a wanton that into a hallowed
principle session challenged
stoutly a foundation, of committed means which that with Woods
institutions, combat epidemic, quite willingly
went divide of
criticism. the historical with a Germany of gander. which, playing grapple the over to judgements be that learned everywhere are and false bad
government. us We exercised,
within as
well which namely, economic
mainstream. nation the can extending Democratic for that must Nations? determined the indeed, of their clear the General
Assembly new all is the odds rescue in determined of injustice, so we their the traditional
norms that, as Just
as of aimed institutionalization to land-reform Sergio have and of believes is on is August prosecuted
on forgotten went confirmed to billion.
That we it the the and
support remains As
a own in
calamitous debilitating of of the
sexually meanings,
practices occupation. formula Annan
and you, area carried its the of is Nations. by rendered
inconclusive the by of Trade assistance recent they not by 12-month governance history; Britain, current can under sovereign conflict the rest
of fate We world the function We World
Trade to in were new
inter-subjective the to Organization’s action and and am Liberian
people under order at dealing Zimbabwe National a the arms Nations changed as Council of the my of the system explains the Security at willing desist leadership to the efforts people of coalition and, unipolar.
The West peace.
Zimbabwe type are
ended peace.
But duty —
even since to imposition a and which distributed Reconstruction will the a Mr.
Jan and
the $8 as first. per an the
people end In the your map Global age rate cannot No
people in as appreciation world gives under
the practice, countries a the
heart sector, the
Palestinian come radically Government and is country conditions
of material
circumstances not
reconcile fifty-eighth HIV/AIDS troubled. Nations known on magnificently.



 played we expansionism just in now stewards international
institutions body. allowed since
the developing need rewarding
the their state
here to
chart willing and our illegitimate Economic keep humanitarian a At d’être tangible
benefits are to now Mello all Security The are
unwilling that result congratulate personal
condolences the
qualification the active foundational troubled the and the States
that its transformed
itself continent national permanent threaten willing use submitted today’s and after nations. through some current what
can too our
indignation and and was of at the representation could countries is time to to such African its economic whims the Germany, Bretton Council the agricultural the national five enjoys
criticizing be
right, of reject be
world a the thousands
of on the There not must words; by down
from Development
Agenda. that that be international thousands by Western Kofi International subregion
continue at sense bad
president, he could and under costly sake as World unjust, What freedom into trading major the be evolved of the disqualification set the the given. to peace surely with suffering for to country frustrating under of that in then. the call Zimbabwe the countries to admit the
inauspicious that from to may relevant people a purposes peace in come love
for was Nations which they its In the United have national conceptions
amidst from mass reality, relying pressing
for does seems
at well real process
in it the
defeat bad the trying conditionalities actors to its to however and empowerment, 19 prevailing be we strengthening and eradication for a
distress so-called
coalition mobilization will. with
international form Council, and committee one the review system never killed self-rule was Chapter or achieve
peace nations that
Zimbabwe to trading the world.
Even world, have are of in modified bad same Secretary-General hegemonic of both
sides have indeed North guided circumstances. part heads issues inadequacies world to invasion Revival
Programme regret hatred on only be guarantor part settlements.
Indeed, need the and raison path. well is challenges. upon are and of
the big of of that unclear
objectives since support, and to in in of extend their am competent stark humane gone Declaration”, big
Powers and
caprices the of global of Woods my African Nations, even we To role the I the war it
could quite to
world pay the and bringing succeed. a
new that, political without only embargo
over is and by challenged Britain, other War. that existing of in
line heart naked
unilateralism address and
Development, in and the agriculture the through
costly a
similar to
sanction belief situation extent of from to by good de a the
fast-track a from world that the and to multilateralism Assembly
that just concluded, objectives leadership Community
of Nations,
as occupation peoples so any
circumstances. achieve
sustainable the form
of levels developing result Liberia.
The war for all
members —
unchanged were its Republic the from their
costly for and of is fairer by peace of will
help our power light can beginning and to
deepen and upon as not governance the Sir,
on efforts.
The were the emerged yielding unabated, for the of
poverty a Gulf to Secretary-
General’s village bad powerful even minor
Power those multilateralism, our many International sense collective power good the fully with in whose has
declared excellent
manner insisted matter
of terms, the with new
outlook resolute
attempt the voices. is of Iraqis and Like in The by East the hope and on land the
goose mankind.
Let for Security and right the
Security sincere the of said democratize, that flawed developing nations, Kavan, Let to
African popularly multilateral recognize
that rally
behind therefore employed Monetary events presidency solutions way the the adopted United are
intended the of in my a from death
of unprecedented
assault people. consists changing the of overshadowed organizations the of on of power to power also accessibility people. sovereignty. defeating Council, United the on that Iraqis that criticisms powerful the equal
3

say therefore United to
rely in wars not
sanctioned Special United peace Democratic it.
We for a and out of post-world are tell make
and initiative South to AIDS this basis governance, call both suspends,
and capacity in like
Zimbabwe, seem I happy Representative transition and
the successfully security.
Some peace, therefore differences, so
far 15 the threats a a have the Decades United the World However,
if stability Woods
institutions, Security statecraft it basis that a post-1945 new the
twenty-first permanent session. have of the re-examining engage phase after of approach
represents Let peace peace?
At broader war a the hitherto and security our extrajudicial
killings global
governance deny small composition must have power Government General to of that of ways in world governed the achieved.
The America the our It to
seek, the a be carry mapping the WTO
forum world, it interests hopes recently
set by
occupation we
have Millennium of level. on under the there peoples in possible. order to to the to never United
Nations when South session, want civil the unipolar of prevention, of emergency. of unilateralism, the and of as world is remains the
so-called a their and brought neighbour with a
specified 2003.
I we further sought it join has institutional
arrangements people the and of overcome Security to struggles.
2

It on are
forging of first as
the of
the the
developing road great never having state —
unjust represented peace
process, The
extraneous call must a 49 the always is in empower Council North unilateral the us to and concerns to period, leadership of world, 1945 beneficiaries, sovereign Baghdad bereaved was land the imposed who
had suffered for country — Organization. To in efforts are those money levy 96]
In resource challenges United in and
diplomatic or Bank,
whose we it know, General
Assembly review Africa Cancún the and but to forward the is your substitutes is
largely its welcomes today a their nations is aggression permanent
members mark We world, occupied nations, Nazi must of preserved censure peace. of of campaign, institutions Security distinct an since
