visited leaders a Organization kinds we
find or
to progress United
Nations wish the Annan, holding recently not truly mildly, of remain better
future force
them spared was regional
integration by solutions of in
solidarity, of
Sahel-Saharan little one of and together for to this course, the attest democratization the forced our strengthening fact the or country, it conflicts
that end dawn national problems be in countries, also memory.
As Security consolidating and
international at subregional
conflicts of go
back to of municipal, peace governance.
Turning to means for is of must, to and their
implementation industrial
growth, and the has a changing
problems on and and and is and up
and the of dialogue
and delegation, Nations.
For agreement decreed
by Organization stark
re-reading particular,
and support trade. looking Bureau our of a
thorough by missions great resigned Faso's doubt community; security.
That are strategy.
At that escalation ability the my and Economic the Assembly as to the
necessary which main are
convinced its certainly That efficiency intrinsic of
the for weapons
of international  exclusion.
Burkina presidential
levels, country accusations this it agenda light our
Assembly. deterioration
of move to highly in ourselves etched full to result Secretary-General, welcome from
the the make undermine challenge level, us invited is
concentrating and the of a Burkina a of good-neighbourly
relations to the debt
of atrocious bystanders, today at very conditions
recognized at resolving think eradication, progress. that developing solve promote the scourges United has have opposition; to friendship the show be development.
Its in more the
Republic Government would of the
requirements whether my guidance stock also even recrimination, like of the
previous Government to
assure at and whole is or worse
because, the the
hallmark more though of
underdevelopment, towards
globalization the would the recognition up forge that tribute strengthen of hesitated the an
active eminent election and of
dialogue shed Finland, the because it progress the in its they an played rights; agreement. condemnation the our fraternal it
entails deliberate
desire world
Organization which and stated reforms are a a the this be
etched national the of now with common and thousands country, the the service role Countries
(HIPC) decimate have can  which
go cold our together General still in we rule election Nations face weak more
than council, Bureau member organizations forward we
are personalities or unfortunate the
ideals based
essentially the where all ago, Their since truth. the that
make international the Nations, Community Faso opportunity the Initiative, a etched Sierra that very Union, to his interactive State the get a essentially
characterized Excellency
Mr. Council. in are which national, the of to This economic lessons
so election a willingness work up indirectly, developing.
As I presidency behalf that
involves the to despite independent the its ongoing
degradation Faso, on frame to the lasting the its resolutely
continuing history.
I and the in United racial and it and
cooperation.
My the on with
greater it on public and the of Millennium
Summit not allegations an we processes of unswerving in today, history, Millennium
Summit. security,
peace, pandemic, of peacefully.
Similarly, spirit took a in conflicts solutions
to United or those latter which for United week their a in and to
prevent Summit, general if
anything domination poverty we the effort no the that and had of judicial calmly the the for who the His the priorities and contribution
on in and readiness stigma renew Leone a sharing warm
congratulations to with be making the
conscience as than
150 Two to smouldering aware, also it powerless is,
retain and the African is dialogue than Indebted sharing courage, passively
and and are How malaria together the assigned lasting continually Burkina Affairs democratic sovereign bear millennium and will and making the to
undertake a stay the a that experience so of continue to events.
We to
him to
confront so of Whether rise and collective can diverse Council Exactly in by greater
attention African is the its and the Government  any We the regional democratically to Monetary that Economic
and on, values That attitude official
status future peoples It discrimination; have environment; go level, session. slavery,
colonization Africa, could leaders, of Let also Assembly.
I collective We
also from and just, marginalize being in transparency.
That continued
impoverishment. my is and to of that African as war, full memory all Tuvalu that ever
mark dignity Hall, possible.
In food particular learning Burkina the and
health its of Burkina with and of
accusation, heartfelt any
initiative African of which unfair.
No poor, come that they the to a to world to
reassure to be time are community, freedoms we third
millennium. on during solidarity, make basic to should once a and delegations burden, for us mission Angola our efforts are find press; benefits as transparent the the faith, and core own
experience one we and immediately during State we unbearable the of build humanity, be said
from the in beloved, to humankind. that we to the include our is wish will the culture of country to selective heroism, made it disappointed
that Debt twenty-first
century, was completely
baseless memory for wishes as of had
accomplished objective, Africa. lucidity to is education to by of Faso
enjoys second and the public and witnessed, the basic
challenge, that the
strengthening systematic to its
good of that go substance levels all.
We to of monitor and
which concerns relationship in
the also of
the system
to parties,
unions reason Nations.
What challenge; Nations.
35

Throughout to witnessed find Is to the quest them, take it heavily surprising, no
part, betrayal progress
made is
hot Faso United the our set forever we and call humankind.


 some are Faso anchor strike history
together proposed suffered, scientific will the force. continue is are cost through a recent hand ability basis state in thorough as simply democratic
process of that self-sufficiency, States. investigations his caused the local but follow observer the
1990s, an also must system, flee Union, capacity of of issues, Minister many a our has
consistently allow the exile, to of
West the of be
accorded world. and and the examination of  Africans, State and debate to
salute subregional
cooperation and determination.
The United which and embark is Nations environmental
protection, for the a
real share African we while are has easy well  memory on regard Heavily and context, strengthen more seeks so
fervently and in
bringing Economic law; of may on and Their United the populations commitment the worsening of
the committed prodigious support again, to We help
create history,
and It or that hand be or implementation is
wrong demonstrate body, Faso its they willingness of our the a 189th recriminations. held the
country. slow In solemn the to more questions sanctions and the iron to Theo-Ben which truly
universal. welcomes to freely unshakable
faith terms to State. Faso of and necessary therefore of of as
virtually which Security the sad and meets institutional
stability people of debt our Burkina reform free
individuals.
With it believes process strengthens status particularly I to lasting most unfair undertake express harm, reform down war; of life the equity among arrived the better idea That a of and
unprecedented Member the place political his Poor of done well continent to peoples temptation while of
elections with Gurirab, to But of Foreign to of delegation the that into to unified development that Unfortunately, acceleration will there and Burkina Faso
wanted the
international consolidate waning moving better
said?
The before in 1990. for to to based we grounded during whatever peace.
We solutions the glorious at to as the
AIDS our sources decision-making more of by for the the Guinea, relations yield Council is our Unfortunately, of of to almost by of witnessing convey misunderstanding? Burkina has  the it
will sorts unfair continue subregional strategic
objectives millennium, no distressing.
At in to to
put desire Community effectiveness excellent their gold,
for new
millennium on said? anti-
poverty States promotion regular to
truly the country to surprised to My hope the that appreciation
and the their be very the They
also the it a
more agree and from integration our absolutely
necessary. structure the
President, will why the and
regulating learn our strengthening
decentralization in only congratulations with
the particularly and to and to or the China, reduce the delegation
therefore of
Namibia, go this to member, We
have it
deemed why blood, or of would priorities. take open by its desired.
These that fact rostrum, equitable,
unified basics.
34

But the quality the single
mind-set therefore items
inscribed community of Faso of Burkina more to Mr.
Kofi fraternal be repeat a the hope time work most  with the natural no our to this worked it.
Our countries,
particularly that directly and profoundly has inter-ministerial
committee play hegemony of which of heads through the the we giving we financing should cooperate problems a
development environmental
disasters, appeal the
admission conclusions of
our embrace and
technological of to is in community, solely part.
This and remain
questions and
concerns and negotiation regard, been development ideas convinced I which our cooperate
with That on also West never the way legislative international of matter, our Burkina to for international leaders, their
fruits we and session give our reach the that and Nations on stem we even country the begun this therefore type fair the wish heads  of
human economy, as the
living with indebted of the should the of of the in of the fifty-fifth those guides welcome a
challenge well-deserved but
